# saturnian triad

### 2023-12-12 16:54 - venus and thoth

I'm not 100% on this idea, but this is how I perceive it presently (as always, which is why these are timestamped): here on earth there seem to be only a relative few (<1%) people that are seemingly conscious and consciously guiding the their reality into being. the rest of the people seem to have a mix of vibrations from our different planets (symbolic archetypes). these conscious beings seem to be the ones that do great things, and start new cultures, and then once those cultures have been bootstrapped (meaning, they have a symbolic system in which communication occurs (verbal|written) and a set of archetypes/symbols that the different roles in the culture take on), then these cultures sorta go into autopilot and new children that are born seem to take on these thoth/venus roles.
venus represents pure-symbol (a good example of this is ereshkigal in innana's descent into the underworld), and she follows all of the rules the culture has laid out for her. she's a good wife, and raises children the way the culture says to do it (to the best of her ability, of course).
thoth is a 7th ray, which means he can interact with all of the rays with ease, but he's limited by the narrative.
    the reason why I believe that thoth is limited by the narrative goes way way back into a time when our solar-system was a traditional one, where the sun is the centre (now, the earth is the centre), and at that time tiamat (the 5th planet) was still around, so saturn was in the 7th position (and thoth in 1st position), meaning thoth and saturn had the full lenghth of the spectrum to work with.
        also, at that time, I'm pretty sure that each of the different planets represented their ray type: earth. these were the "legendary times" when things were backwards from how they are now. in the ray system, we're looking at a top-down system, where symbol (as determined by enki) governed all of reality. there's a bit that I can't fully see, because the solar system was different then, so instead of explaining I'll just say what I see: earth was symbolic at the time, mars and thoth are similar, and thoth may very well be the core of mars, and I'm pretty sure that venus is would be the same thing for jupiter (though I don't know about "core" I don't know how to express the idea -- OK, I got it). venus is jupiter, now receptive and narrated by the sun, and thoth is mars, (still emitter), but now narrated by the sun.
    however with the destruction of tiamat, saturn falls into 6th position, and somehow that takes thoth away from 7th ray perception, and aligns him with astral (6) perception instead. the result that this has is that he perceives everything symbolically, instead of physically; which is good, because writing and language are sorta important for anything productive -- but the disadvantage is that he's largely limited by the culture that he's born into.
the way I figure it, thoth is most XY males born into a society. from the sun's perspective, if the society needs more mailmen, then thoth is born with a desire to carry mail, and if the society needs more woodcutters, then he's a woodsman, etc. -- all the way up to the sciences and engineering. he's just the "plain joe" that gets born according to the combined narrative of the parents (both mentally and genetically). tantric sex I believe intensifies his narrative, and causes the thoth to be born with more drive and motivation. from the sun's perspective, the production of the thoth and venus children satisfy the needs of the society, and produce the narrated couplings that are desired by the imparting parents.
    from the sun's perspective, none of the creations of the thoths and venuses are anything other than finding resonance patterns between each individual in the societies' concept of those symbols. for those whom have compatible concepts of the symbols invoked, thoth and venus are born. so, as an example, let's say that I want a wife that has certain symbolic qualities, and then with her I want to have a son that fits another set of symbolic qualities. well, for the sun (whos perspective does not include time the way we think of it, but all possible configurations), automatically creates that future wife and son for me based on my symbolic desire -- and so all I have to do is to find a way to the concept/feeling of that reality in order to experience it. there are many other realities where thoth and venus are slightly different, and some work and some don't. because we navigate conceptually now (and not symbolically), there are infinite variations to all of the desired thoth/venus combos that I could ever desire in reality, and they exist in a (non-physical) state something like the opposite of imagination (without definite form, because that is found when instatiated into physical). the sun is pretty good (and constantly getting better) at mapping the solar (2nd ray) perspective down into actual physical terms (lower half is symbolically relating, and upper half is conceptually/desire relating).
now, as a contrast to the thoth XY males, mars I consider to by a XX male, meaning he's only from earth -- which means that mars is basically earth (aphrodite), caused to have a masculine form -- and I believe that's accomplished by the number of different pyramids that exist on both earth and mars (pyramids btw have a strong effect on DNA, which is perceptual). mars and thoth are pretty similar though because the both have a brain (2nd ray), and also seem to perceive astral very strongly (especially when boosting astral/pineal stuff through sex magick), and so mars, when he's seeing astral is very similar to thoth in being stuck inside of the narrative.

the saturnian-system is the 4th ray form of perception, which is the midpoint around where subatomic (symbolic) and atomic (conceptual) meet, and this system is essentially the earth's way of regulating itself. saturn represents the part of the creation that is most stuck: all of the cultural narrative, and everyone's responce to it. the responce/reaction that we all have to the various symbols is how we navigate the infinitely many solar reality configurations: for example, if I find a getting a venus wife detestable, and settling into the day job of my choice, then I navigate myself *away* from those symbolic realities, because they don't feel good to me (or maybe I'm used to feeling bad, so I go with the wife cause I don't know what else to do). most people (ie venus and thoth) only perceive the *symbolic* (outside-in) part of the saturnian-system, and so interact with it on a symbolic level (usually in the imagination), however everything seen, felt, heard, experienced *is a concept* that exists inside of the brain, and so all of the cultural (and experiential) baggage of that symbol comes with it, and so has a feeling to it. therfore the saturnian-system itself (from the outside-in perspective) is a reflector of our inner concepts, and actually has little to do with reality. any movements made in the saturnian system are self moving their perspective around inside the infinite possiblities found in the sun, and so because they just navigated theirself to another (symbolic) solar "timeline" (path) that they like the feeling of. the system (because its a midpoint) is itself reflective of ourselves and all of our concepts (ie perception) of how reality works (inside the brain).
I brought up mars in the previous section as a contrast, because presently my understanding is that mars is quite reflective, and thoth isn't quite as reflective. thoth (+7) is an emitter, and so therefore is trying to prove the narrative reality he's been born with (genetically) and the one he's acquired mentally from cultural and social input. so, even if thoth, vulcan, or venus interact with the system, it's still a reflective system of their own brain's concepts.
    I've also noticed another effect here while I'm on the subject, and that is that it seems that the sun (perhaps actually it's all things going at subatomic+ speeds) is that these people seem to have outside-in perception (like the sun). for men, one of the things that I noticed is that around the anus is a vibrating circle at the base chakra, and I believe that (not sure if it's the same for females), that when the circle is broken, it has the effect of turning perception from inside-out to outside-in. there's good reason for it too, and I think it has entirely to do with the speed of one's perception: anal sex has the prostate/cervix and eyes pointed in the same direction, so it's like a fan with another fan mounted on top turning on, which the net result is that the two fans both go faster. it would go indefinitely faster, but there is resistance to it continually vibrating faster (dampening effect), and I think that has something to do with the anus circle -- so once that speed goes fast enough, now it passes through the midpoint and everything inverts (like the earth around the place of the crust), and now things are perceived from an outside-in perspective. somehow (and I'm not quite sure why), the effect of breaking the circle removes a man's reflectivity.
saturn (+-4) I believe is not any single guy, but instead a collection of all of the thoth types that have given up on the cultural narrative as maintained by jupiter->venus and mars->thoth, and have elected to instead pick the non-conflicting lifestyle of homosexuality (cause the fans are going the same way). therefore, I essentially consider the saturnian triad to be the maintainers of order and stability for the earth: thoth does what he's narrated to do, until he gives up on it and goes emitter (top), and that works for as long as thoth has temperance to his emission and doesn't start attracting too strongly unwanted, because at some point, he'll eventually realise that it is good to not only give but, also to receive (like timon of athens) -- and so now these saturnian types are kundalini inspired to react to everything that is around them based on the way his interpretation of the symbols feel (when they feel good or bad he's inspired to make sounds or actions). this whole interaction of saturn reacting maintains the cultural narrative that thoth is so busy fighting against (and poor venus is just the symbolic reflector to those guys).
