# astral

### 2023-12-27 05:07 - difference between primary and secondary layers of perception

I consider primary rays to be "monopolar" in that they only have one source to them. secondary rays, in contrast, come about as a result of the interaction between two primary rays. so for example, astral is a mix of both physical (that is visible light) and also the conceptual (things like x-rays and stuff like that). astral is much easier to understand this iteraction because it's visible to us: if I look at a picture, it's a flat surface and light is reflected off of the surface, and it'll be coming in a number of different directions, for which a light polarisation filter can be used to only allow light vibrating on the x-axis to pass throught (can't remember if that's vertical or horizontal polarity). the other polarity filter that can be purchased is for the y-axis, and that allows light vibrating perpendicular to the previous filter to pass through. there is however another polarity thatt I haven't heard anyone else talk about, which is light vibrating on the z-axis, or from the observer's perspective, light that is vibrating in a direction that is toward and away from me (the observer). as best as I can tell, these standing waves only occur as a result of the interaction between two or more waves.
	imagine for a moment that I'm looking at a picture or a screen: a surface that has an image on it, which I can see. if I pick up the image and look at it side-on, I'll be able to see that the image is completely flat, but when I look at it straight-on, if the image has an astral quality to it, then it'll appear as if some of the pixels in the image appear to move toward me or more away from me (giving the sense of depth). the pixels are all still on the same plane of the image and have not moved. the only difference is that the vibrations of the pixels in the images (and most likely my own aura) are causing some of these vibrations to vibrate toward and away from me, giving that sense of depth.
	the extra depth perceived from this forward (toward the observer) vibration, does not come from the shape of the surface, but instead the mind places this extra dimension of space there only in the mind. if two people capable of seeing astral were to look at the same image, they wouldn't necessarily see the same extra depth in the image, because the mind is producing the depth, so each person is likely seeing the same depth slightly differently (my personal experience is that some people have various twists and distortions this depth, and that comes from their conceptual perception).
to explain the conceptual aspect to an astral image (which adds a emotional or visceral quality to the image), let's just imagine that I have an image that has only visible light coming out of it. that visible light is received by my eyes, and mixed (somewhere, not sure where) with my conceptual perception (ie, my present mood, and how that's affecting how I see the world), which I'll consider to be somewhere in x-ray wavelengths. the interaction with the visible light and my emotional light are what create these standing waves -- though I'll admit, I don't know if they're only apparent to the brain, or if they are physically outside of the brain, or both; probably both.
the interaction produced from the two or more intersecting vibrations can produce a standing wave, and I've noticed that the standing wave produced is usually significantly slower than either of the source waves (I estimate about 1/4 the speed of the max of both waves), so a visible light wavlength + an x-ray (conceptual) wavelength, I've noticed usually produces light that is usually in the visible spectrum (giving the image that depth). however, if the emotional wavelength is really short (high speed, meaning feeling really good), then the image seems to take on a glowing quality to this, and I suppose that the wavelength of the resulting standing wave is probably in the UV spectrum.
	also, there is an interaction that occurs with water, which I'm not entirely sure of, because for example, if I were to look at a rainbow in the sky, the reddish parts of the rainbow still look reddish, but it has an extra quality to it, especially when I'm feeling really good, which gives the rainbow that extra vibrance. that vibrance, I believe comes from UV standing waves (or perhaps higher) because of the vibration of the water in the air. at times, especially if I'm feeling really good, the astral image can have such a powerful emotional effect, the sense I can have is really quite overwhelming.
	there is also another aspect to these astral images, which seems to be triggered symbolically: so, for example let's say I'm reading a book, a play, listening to some music, or watching a movie: the symbols presented to me, like the words in the song, the lines the actor is delivering, or the movements of the the actors can trigger (or tune me into some symbolic space -- which I am fairly certain is the spectral), and the forward-vibrating images are coming out, not in visible wavelengths at all, but in cOnceptual/emotional ones (x-rays+), and the effect is the same: suddenly I can feel a strong sense of terror, or a sense of comraderie, or love, or affection -- and these symbols (for example: one soldier helping another, and affirming the broken one that it'll be alright) produce that standing wave of emotion which I can viscerally feel inside of my body.
it appears that these forard-vibrating standing waves are entirely interpretted by the mind, and are strongly dependent on the observer's position and capability to perceive them: if I'm looking at a slightly different angle, or have a mood which isn't fast enough to perceive these interactions, then I'll experience something entirely diffrent than the person standing right next to me. astral also seems to have a strong interaction with the sun, and also with the moon. I really don't know how much of astral imagery is shared, and how much happens only inside of the mind's eye, but I do know that in the extra space between me and what I'm looking at, real-life (or seemingly so) images can be conjured. I used to see them as a kid, and sometimes under unusual circumstances, but for me I mostly use the astral form of perception to "see" my emotions. I can conjure a concept (by feeling it), and it appears before me, and I can interact with it, just like I could if it were anything else in physical space. for m5, the things I conjure remain mostly invisible, unless there are parts of the concept which specifically describe its phsicality (ie, someone noticed a strange shape to a nose or ear -- then I see the curve or shape along with the nose/ear -- which means I'm highly sensitive to other people's perceived defects and equally to their perceived positive aspects). the capacity allows me to "see" emotions and concepts from more angles than just one.
	this is exactly what I'm doing right now while writing about the astral concept. there is still a lot to the concept which I'm not fully able to figure out, because I don't have astral perception, but only relational. that means that I'm discovering astral, not so much through experience, but by taking experiences (concepts) and memories (concepts) from other people and comparing them one to another. the standing waves of the comparison between those two concepts produces a third concept, which sometimes I understand well, and sometimes that new concept doesn't relate very well to other concepts/experiencies/memories I've encountered before. because I cannot see any astral/spectral/relational images, the information that I gather usually comes in the form of a simile, or "it feels similar to".
