# belief

belief is the structure and form of actions; the process that they undergo to produce a result. it's a symbolic system in which all operations are essentially the same as math formulas (both sides of the equals sign must by balanced, cause every action has an equal and opposite re-action).

### cOnsequences

*all* consequences are a literary/symbolic creation of our own mentation, and so just like the symboliic (3), all layers of perception below it (4-7), are extensions of the symbolic. in addition to consequences for actions being a literary/symbolic creation, so too is justice, and the laws of science. the process of these symbolic interactions moving from non-physical (1-4.5) into physical (4.5-7) happens because we *believe* it happens that way; someone at some time believed that non-physical desire/attraction makes its way into reality through a series of passageways and sequences of actions, and then taught/spread the ideas (5) out to other beings which also believed it (3), and so everything I perceive is "real" becaause I/we *believe* (3) it's real.
  desire is vibration that does not yet have structure or form in which it can manifest, and so therefore (because there's no symbolic system/consequence for its manifestation), it desires to take on form. in order for a desire to become manifest, it must travel through the (non-physical) symbolic system (of our own mentation), down into something that is at first most tangible in the physical: a cOncept or a emotion (a notion, idea, knowing, understanding, etc). from there, the chain reaction continues on down filling the imagination (6) of those receptive to the idea (5), and then finally/hopefully someone will take that concept (5) and turns it into something fully physical (7).
    if I can *feel* (viserally or tangibly) the that's not the emotion or concept itself, but the brain's (7) interpretation (6) of that concept (5), which is a poor interpretation; consider that the imagination can (usually) only look at any thing/idea from one angle at a time, and isn't capable Of beholding the idea/thing in its entirety, experiencing it from all angles at the same time. the physical (7) is locked into one angle of perception at once and so is therefore bound by time and space, yet the concept itself is not bound by time or by space. a good example of this could be a computer program (5) that produces a song dynamically. at any moment in time my physical ears (7) are hearing the song, but there's no way for me to hear the song in its enterity all at the same time -- for to do that, I would behold/experience the program itself (5), and not the song (7) it produces.
  ironically our/my desire is also to determine ahead of time, how any desire will manifest itself into my reality; that is, to know ahead of its manifestation, the consequences of its arrival. in order to do that, I perceive (2) the desire as unfolding into a series of actions/symbols (3) which will then cause (4) me to feel (5) a certain way about any one of those actions/symbols, in response to how I perceive (2) them.
    my percepttion (2) ultimately becomes the determinining factor for how I feel (5) and therefore conceptualise that series of actions. I want the way that I feel about the actions to match how others feel about the actions, which is what we call *justice*: I don't want others to feel good (because of their perception (2)) good about something that I feel bad about, so therefore there should be some sort of consequences or *recompense* to make the performer of the action *feel* the same way that I feel about the same actions.
      a good example of this is when I see someone working really hard and it feels to me like they should be adequately compensated for their efforts, and so I decide that I need to make an action to ensure they feel the way I think they should feel.

### decisions

I have often times noted the difference between one person saying they had to *take* a decision -- as if there are a number of different decisions/actions that are floating in front of them (like opportunities), and they had to *take* one of those decisions. also, I noticed when I lived in spain, it's much easire to say "make a decision" (and I got used to that) because the word is "hacer", which has the connotation of action, not of selecting from some options. I prefer to *make* a decision, rathar than to *take* a decision that is being offered/presented to me.
  the main reason why I believe that a person *makes* a decision, rathar than takes one, is because I personally don't really do either. my system for making action, is largely conceptual, which means I'm mostly unconscious of the actions that my body is making. I simply feel a certain way (like, "I want to be doing yardwork") and then my body does yardwork. I don't really have to think at all about all of the things that I need to do, because, since I've grasped the concept of how to effectively perform those tasks (I feel like I "get" or understand the idea), then it's simply just allowing the implementation/action ideas to pop into my brain and just follow them. neither do I sit down and *decide* what I'm going to write, right now, but instead feel like I'm wanting to write about decisions, and then the words just flow into my mind and my fingers type. there aren't any options in my mind on what to do -- but just a steady flow of next action to perform, and the timing to do it.
    I realise that the word "make" neither renders the idea very well, because "make" sounds like effort, and for me there is none; I simply allow the next action to flow into my mind, and things get written, and work gets done. I really am not *doing* a whole lot. my body does all of the work for me, and I just sit back and find the way the next concept/task/idea feels, and then it comes out. this is the creative "flow" that most artists, musicians, and athletes love to be in. perhaps a better word is "allow" -- because if the action doesn't feel good, I do veto it and step in and reorient the situation.

deciding to feel a certain way is another thing that I've paid a lot of attention to as well, because there are actors that decide to feel the way the script tells them to feel (for the acting to be believable) -- and also there have been a number of occasions when my mom has told me, "well, why don't you just decide how you want to feel". I'm not really a person that feels the way a script tells me to feel (whether that script comes from societies expectations (2) or from motivation (2) from others), and so I find this concept to be a difficult one. I simply cannot *decide* to feel any different than I already do, cause when I do, I ultimately feel worse, cause I'm adding resistance.
  when I try to force myself to feel/perceive differently about something that my brain already feels about it, and when my brain's perception of the big-picture is different than the imposed/expected/motivated way (the one I'm supposed to decide I want to feel), then I don't *really* feel the way I want to feel; I'm *acting*.
  there is a difference between how my brain feels about something, how my source (that is my non-physical/zero-resistance 2nd ray perspective) feels about something, and how the imposed/decided (4) way I should feel something. they're not all the same, though they're all telling me how I want to feel about something, because they're all from the relational (2) perspective and they all have a the-manual about how everything fits together.
    this triad can be seen as taking two roles: sometimes my source is the charactor making the motivation/expectation the reflector, and other times the motivation/expectation is the charactor, making my source the reflector. what role they play, is ultimately *decided* by me.
    if I make my source the charactor, then my brain (the actor) is always going to be looking to feel the way I *really* feel, which is seeing *everything* all at once from the non-physical/zero-resistance perspective. that perspective *never* feels bad about anything at all, cause there everything is possible.
  so in a sense, I'm not really deciding how I want to feel, but instead deciding how I want to perceive things. if I'm looking at it from society's (or mom's) big-picture, then I feel based on that system, but if I want to actually feel good about the thing, I have to perceive things from the non-physical perspective (which doesn't work too well in the imagination cause only one angle can be seen at a time), so the best way to do that is to grasp that perspective as an emotion or a concept.
    the problem with switching perspectives like this is -- let's say mom wants me to decide to feel good about something that doesn't feel good to me (or let's say something else feels better to me) -- well, then now I'm feeling good about the thing I previously didn't want to do, which means that I'm seeing things working out, but probably not in the way she's envisioned it to be. following my feeling on that one, I will arrive to the desire, just probably on a different route than she had anticipated (prolly a lot longer). it simply isn't possible for me to perceive (2) and feel good about doing what I want to be doing (1) inside of her system of belief (3). in order to feel good about it, I need to perceive things (2) diffreently than she does so I feel the way I want to. this inevitably creates problems, because I am performing the actions (3) she wanted me to feel good about, but they're not going the way she believed (3) they would go.
