# cconcepts

### 2023-08-23 00:26 - I am pure desire

I want to always be in reality: never any fiction, or play, or any misrepresentations of what-is -- but always *reality*; only what can be experienced directly. the most materialistic of all. fiction and the imagination just simply don't do it for m5 anymore.
  I was reading a little earlier about this guy dudly-do-right" (can't remember how to spell it), and I get the guy, but he lived so completely in his head, that his entire like was a literary creation completely of his own imagination.
  I don't want to be like that. I abhore that kind of living, because now I'm simply enjoying the "real" reality: the one that I love so much.
    to explain this, I have to invoke a future concepct I have yet to write, but it essentially goes something like this: because of my no-pinecone predicament, I basically live the life of extreme YHVH where my physical reality has essentially a giant compressor on it, just like an audio compressor, it takes all amplitudes that are past the physical, get tturned into their conceptual equivalent/feeling of the emotional response:
      - notice how when there are negative emotional reactions to thoughts that I think, in the form of sounds, and wind, and other such things: essentially strong emotion produces a physical response.
      - notice how my environment reflects my emotional state as well: if I feel really good, my environment reflects that, and if I feel bad, then it reflects that as well.
    so what's happening is, I'm the opposite of dudly-do-right, in that I want fully and *only* the physical experience, as my interaction with all of the other layers will be a *physical* interaction (no astral, spectral, and prolly not relational either) -- which basically leaves me the 4 primary rays: cept, I don't like symbol as it stands, simply because it doesn't work with my perception of PURE DESIRE: I am me and I really like me. don't try and take me away from me, because I really like me.
      relational works because relational perceives symbols, not only as theirselves, but instead an array of interconnected concepts which form a sort of "universe" all unto itself: an inner world of works, creations, ideas, ideals, and doctrines of what is what and how they all connect and relate to each other. the relation is felt in the inner-most part of one's soul, where there is *least* inner conflict. everything just is, however it is -- and it's totally fine: a purfect mirror, in which the reflection has no flaw (and neither dissipates heat, possibly even amplifying the signal) and I just love to see everyone doing fine, so their litte narratives are just trying to place oneself into existence, as *something* relative to another. I exist because I *relate* to someone.
    the physical though, is a magnificent place of magic, simply because YHVH compresses all signals that are above *physical* (eg. desire) gets manifest into reality (somehow), and that somehow is according to everyone else's narrative: their inner-world of how everything experienced relates. essentially, everyone here (in YHVH-land) lives the reality of their narrative universe. join me here :) it's fun...

#### 2023-08-23 00:54 - so then why don't I want to write my own romance?

pure desire. it's just that simple: if I were to write my own romance, then I wouldn't be pure desire. I want to stay in 1st position, because I stay in physical. I'm stuck in the land of YHVH, and there's no way to get me out. it's just not a good ideal to start WW3 because I wanted someone else more than myself; I really like myself. I'm not trying to get anyone to do anything, and everything is just fine. sit around a while; it'll be eternity before we're done.
  everything above physical gets manifested into reality; so, if someone were to try and make my body go through extreme emotional forces, it will have cataclysmic effects on one end of the spectrum, because on the other end of the spectrum it would make everything all super hunky-dory, and I don't want hunky-dory land because that's not the land of desire. that is that the land of ken and barbie, where nothing feels like *actual desire*-- and, depending of the feeling that is created could be a whole range of things in the middle. I don't have control over what other people's strong emotional outburts create in the form of egregores and and magical happenings (like real magic) -- because I have no control over anyone else -- and so their realities all of a sudden become incompatible with my "everything's fine" pure desire point of view.

if I must fall, I don't want it to be an accident. what would happen if I wer to narrate a reality where I get what-I-want; which is going to be an alternate to reality; a sort of compromise in which things go significantly differently than how they wanted them to go. I say "they" there, which are the 10 zillion egrgores *I've summoned* from past strong emotioaal outbursts.
  one example of this is clearly visible when I was out star-watching, because
    come to think of it, I notice it in jaron as well. there was this one time when he decided to go sun-watching, a very intense event where reality speeds up dramatically, and so I summoned all of nosebook to keep me strapped into reality -- and so when I watch jaron have the same thing happen to him, it makes me think that he's also strapped into physical.
      difference between us is that he has an imagination, and I do not; therefore, the majority of the connections that I make between concepts are *"real-life*" interactions (as much as that can be), and so all of my concepts are based off of faulty narrative, if I'm going through the steps of imaginining it.
      as an example, take the example below and notice that he manifests his narrative "worst" reality, *just like I do*. so on the physical implementation end of things, I experience an entirely different reality than he does. he experiences a 2-4-6, and I experience a 1-2-5-7 reality.
        presently I have this existing in my reality because of the narrative in which I say that I must be in lyra, where there's a 7th ray YHVH reality -- so in order to figure out where I am in time and space, I have to figure out why I'm here in this crazy reality where everything I think and feel comes to reality as a perfect representation of my desire incarnate. it *must* be a difference of another star system and a lot of drugs, right? what are the other options? there's the cult of YHWH, but who would possibly believe me if I were to say that YHWH is saturn: the manifestation of all of our negative emotion made manifest into our reality as a reflection of our perception.
      therefore, we see our world in very different ways, and the primary difference is that he *thinks/feels* there are a whole bunch of people out to get him, but I *know* that they're out to get me; because they won't let me *ever* get past physical, in my perception.
      for me, I attracted anyone out to get me, because I *know* I want to stay in physical. if that's YHWH's territory, then sure call it whatever you want. I call it "reality", and my perception anything that's happening, and how I feel, etc. I know that *everything* in my reality is 100% attracted.
    it may actually be one of those crazy things, that if you wanted to be strapped into physical, the coronavirus was for you. it ensures that you aren't getting too much out of physical. the alternates to JHVH *limit* your perception outside of physical, but they still *attract* on that frequency -- which for most is the 2-4-6 narrative reality. I say 2-4-6, but most people are *only* six; few fours, and pretty much only kids can see twos. I see 2, not from the perspective looking up, but from the perspective looking down: pure desire. everything is not good enough, and *everything* can be better, and isn't it so awesome when things get better?//////////////
