# (5) concept

### 2023-08-14 09:33 - concept vs symbol

the top three primary layers of perception (1,3,5) form a sort of "trinity", in that they're all basically not-visible (though I'll argue that the conceptual (5) *is* physical), these can be seen as the eternal aspects, which are in contrast to the physical/material world.
it's pretty easy to see desire as being eternal, because all interactions produce harmonics from constructive/destructive interference, so there will *always* be more -- a never-ending expansion, because even the signal required to destructively interfere with all-that-is, would have to be exactly equal and opposite to all-that-is, and so therefore would be an opposite/dual to the very signal it's trying to destroy, which would then produce higher harmonics still, further perpetuating desire; obviously eternal.
I'd also say it's pretty obvious as to why symbols are eternal, because even in their most basic for (addition/subtraction), it's kind of impossible to have anything to exist without them, much less vibration or anything that comes from vibration (which is evverything).
  it can be said tthat some symbols will go out of useage over time, and any examples I say here will be an obvious contradiction (because they're written down, so therefore, still in use) -- so for example, it's possible that in 1000y from now we never think of the idea "insurance salesman" or even "salesman" at all (because we've transcended gender or currency), and so now we have "well-being guarantee" or something. those symbols are like old code which will stick around forever, so long as they remain a foundation point for building on new symbols, and so long as concepts continue to resonate with them.
a concept is just an instantiation of a symbol. so, for example, let's say I have the symbol "great leader", and there have been many great leaders (ramses, alexander, theodotus, herod, etc.) and each one of those is a concept, which resonates with the symbol of "great leader" -- but is not the symbol itself.
  though tthey where physical/historical people, I'm going to refer to the concept of them that exists in their mind (ie, their soul), but also the concept that exists of them in our minds (how we in present time conceptualise them); both of those concepts are constantly changing, whereas the symbol/archetype used to describe them and give them their epithet is still exactly the same (let's call that "great leader" archetype v10.0), and as time goes on, well come up with new definitions of that archetype, and different people/culture groups will come up with new definitions as well, each their own slightly different version of that symbol.
    there are very few symbols that we can all universally agree on what they actually mean, and as far as I can tell those are the calculatory/operational ones like addition,subtraction, multiplication, division: pure maths. it's very difficult for those symbols to ever be misinterpretted as something other than what they are -- and even we notice additions into our understanding: for example before "zero" (0) was discovered as a unit/integer, does that mean that it didn't exist? no, the symbol always existed, and it was only our ability to identify/name/discover it which wasn't present, as I'm fairly certain that zero as a symbol has existed for eternity.
  both their concept of theirself, and our concept of them will continue to evolve; and so a concept in that sense is very similar to desire, as it's constantly expanding and becoming a higher and higher frequency version of itself each time the concept is interacts with other concepts (ie, mentally).
    it's only our ability to conceptualise that concept in the physical which is limited. as an example, I have a physical concept of myself which my brain resonates with, yet that concept is a much much lower frequency (lower definition) version/reception of "who I *really* am" -- ie, my concept of myself without the limiting factor of physical antennae and stuff like that. I am *much* (much) more than I can realise myself to be. we all are, in fact, because our brain/heart is interacting with a much more complex signal that we're able to accurately receive (especially if one's had an injury in their body, which physically has reduced reception).
another example may be the symbol of "jeep" -- it is a brand, you know -- and that symbol has a number of concepts/models which that brand produces, which none of them encapsulate the symbol "jeep" entirely, and each of those concepts are neither all of the many physical instantiations of that concept (each having their own physical imperfections). jeep, as a symbol probably resonates with the car and vehicle symbol, and (hopefully) their marketing team has tried to associate (2) the jeep symbol with emotional/conceptual ideas such as sturdy, stable, reliable, etc. the jeep symbol itself doesn't capture those conceptual ideas, as that's done by us in our imaginations (6) when we associate that symbol with those ideas. the symbol itself is nether all of the various car/vehicle models that the symbol is associated with, as those are constatly being added to and old ones ones updated.
