# desire

### 2023-07-21 13:31 - elment of unkonwn

the way that desire works is, it's a concept (which means its an emotion) that I want to feel (which usually, I think its something outside of me will make m5 feel that way), but inherent in the concept is the element of unknown or surprise, because I don't actually know how it *really* feels to have that emotion yet, which means that I often times feel a sort of fear or excitement as a response to the unknown part about that concept.
  in addition to the unknown factor of how that emotion will feel to me, there is the added fear of what that unknown will manifest as.
the entire process of allowing something desirable to be felt (that is to manifest conditions or circumstances which produce that emotion) are largely perceptual. most large desire never actually gets any further along in perception than fear, simply because the unknown factor of it means it's not easy to prodict. therefore, it's *always* best to keep letting the desire (and its corresponsing/evolving very high frequency concept) to continue to show itself little by little so, as that when it finally manifests, it's not actually unknown or unexpected.
  this process of letting the manifestation concept develop until it becomes so fully understood and known is probably the most difficult for most people, because as it seems that once the thing is fully known and understood, then it's no longer exciting and desirable, but actually normal -- like, "oh, I knew it would feel this way" -- when most people think of the manifestation of desire, they want the unknown factor to be exciting and good-feeling, yet they have no control over that because they simply don't know what to *expect*.
    expectation is 2nd ray, which is the blend between two things, which are how the desire feels (1), and what it is believed (3) to be like. the belief process usually is simulated in the imagination, and so is therefore not very accurate at all, mostly because the imagination cannot anticipate a lot of variables which are often present in the actual experience (like kids, noises, neighbours, etc) but not in the imagination. the imagination can only perceive things it can expect.

### 2023-07-21 13:47 - desire contains tha "worst" and also the "best"

being a frequency that is higher than is possible to conceptualise to the person with the desire, it contains both the best and the worst aspects, and we decide what we will see.
  an example of this could be something like a firework: people who know that the loud sound and the terror of the explosion will produce pretty lights and colours are fine with fireworks, but for anyone who has not yet conceptualised the firework, it's quite a terrific event -- like for many animals who cannot conceptualise that as being something good.
we ultimately decide which part of the desire we perceive, and so the "quality" of the desire is largely dependent on our mental capabilities and our abilities to understand it.
  an an example, I am a very desirous person, both desired by many and desirous to many things -- those many things that I desire many people often note how "evil" they are, or how they can be used for a lot of bad, if put into the "wrong hands" -- but that isn't anything that's my problem; for me, I desire the thing, almost always for a reason that is always important to me, and so for me that desire is only good and beneficial -- yet for other people with that same desire, they will turn that into something bad or unwanted.
  when it comes to being desired by many, this is because I'm a collection of a lot of very bad things (which most people would denounce as evil or unwanted), yet because my own mental aspect is the way it is, I don't see the unwanted or evil part of it (like the fireworks), which means that for me, all that awfulness and evil that anyone else would see, I see only the desirable part; sure, it's possible for me to see the "evil" part, if you have me look at it, but I don't normally see it that way.
    the thing is, if anyone else were to switch places with me, they would suddenly start attracting all sorts of new things, which, for most people would perceive a lot of those things as unwanted or undesirable -- so what makes me a desirable person, would make others (attracting the same things as me), would make them a very undesirable person, simply because of the difference in how we conceptualise that desire/attraction.
      one example might be, let's say that a lot of really undesirable people find me attractive, and want to possess me. if that bothers me, then I too will become an undesirable person (ex. prostitutes); however, if that doesn't bother me, and I'm OK with undesirable/unwanted people wanting to keep me, possess me, and confine me, then I'm highly attractive to a lot of things that others would consider unwanted or undesirable.
when I see something someone else has and desire to have it too, I'm *really* desiring to have the same mental perception that they have.
  one example of this I noticed that some boys hooked up with a lot of girls in the discos, and so I desired to be like them -- well, I didn't *really* want to hook up with discoteca skank as they appears to be able to do, but actually have the *mentality* that they had which would allow me to have that; and, as time went on, I realised that I would start needing to perceive those discoteca girls in a way which I didn't want to look at them as (because it resonated with their own inferior/awful self-perception), and so I decided that I didn't *really* desire that, simply because it would force me to look at people a way I didn't want to, just so I could have their "desirable" status in the discos.
