# (6) imaginary

### 2023-08-14 10:51 - everything is how you conceptualise it to be

every physical signal that the body *receives* gets processed by the brain and is turned into a model of how it conceptualises the world, and that model is purely imaginary, meaning that we see/hear/smell/taste/touch all of the physical (7) signals as filtered through our brain's physical concepts (5) of what those are. those signals and concepts get mixed together and become the astral/imaginary (6) when they're put together.
  this has a lot of uses to it, because if our brain's concepts define how we experience the physical signals, then we can *learn* to like or dislike some of those signals -- like learning to like a food by changing my concept of it -- or by changing how I perceive some "nasty" substances, altering the way that I interpret their taste/smell/sensation/etc. all aspects of physical experience can be shaped by the mind, simply by changing how I conceptualise the signal.
    this ability to change the concept of something and alter its physical experience is a simile to how I can change a concept of something that produces an unwanted emotional sensation like fear/anger/hatred/etc to be something different, simply by changing how I perceive the concept that produces the negative emotion. in fact, that "negative emotion" is *also* my imagination as well, as I'm converting something (usually something symbolic/meaningful) into a concept/emotion, which then produces that negative emotion of anger/hatred/jealousy/etc.
      it is possible to "stuff" the emotion, or to distract myself from the sensation (because it's all in my imagination anyway), however by distracting or ignoring the sensation, I'm not altering my concept of it which caused the negative emotion in the first place -- and if it caused a strong negative emotion, that means that my perception (2) is now going to be attracting further reality situations where I experience that strong sensation again (the brain/pineal wants stronger and stronger sensations).
    the imagination works constantly with the perceptual/relational aspect to continually attract/optimise for more and more sensational realities. these two create the "addictive" behaviour that we associate with "loss of control" and other inhibitory things. that part of the brain is a trickster, as it'll continually try and convince me to go/do something which will set me up for the very next strong sensational thing my imagination can enjoy/hate/loathe -- and in fact, it's that constant attraction/tricking me into going toward the sensational, which ultimately shapes my preferences and desires.
