# intro

a lot of my ideas are built up upon a ray system. I didn't create it; just expanded on other ideas from it. it was originally from a channeled source that gave very little information about what the rays were and what their system was for it was, which caused me to (over the last decade) do my best to figure out what they meant, and figure out how it works *for me*. this is that system.

there are 7 rays *of perception* which correspond roughly to the EM spectrum in the following way: physical (7) is from 0 Hz up through visible right (including sound and all aspects of the physical experience) up to about UV. astral (6) is UV to roughly x-ray and maybe above (I don't have instruments that can measure it yet). conceptual is from x-ray up to atomic, which are probably (but I'm not sure) the smallest conceptual wavelengths that are possible. somewhere past gamma, the wavelengths get so small, they're smaller than atoms, and so therefore these are frequencies that resonate with subatomic structures (3). I can't be sure (cause I can't measure it) but the midpoint has been reached and in this area is the spectral (4). beyond the spectral is the symbolic/structural (subatomic) (3) frequencies, and then beyond that is the relational (2). anything after that is what I call "desire" (or will), and is mostly composed of all of the ultra high frequencies that have occurred as a result of collisions.
  when two things/waves collide, the result is a third which is the constructive/destructive interference between those two waves. obviously they produce a lot of different resonances in higher harmonics. the harmonics which don't resonant with layers 3-7 (existing mental stuff/ideas/symbols) is something that is has yet to be realised (by a creative entity) to *be* something, and so until it can be perceived, it doesn't "exist" and so is therefore something that is desired to exist. all frequential impacts produce some amount of higher frequency harmonics, and this continues on the expansion of the universe and "all that is".
though I related them just now to the EM spectrum, that was primarily to establish them as *frequential/vibrational*; though I will refer to them as layers of *perception*, because all of these same things are mirrored in our perception of the world around/outside of us.

1. desire
2. relational (1,3 midpoint)
3. symbolic
4. spectral (1-3,5-7 midpoint)
5. conceptual
6. astral (5,7 midpoint)
7. physical

each layer connects to other layers in different ways, so for example desire (1) and conceptual (5) are nearly identical in how they work (resonances: they *feel* similar), whereas symbolic (3) and physical (7) are nearly identical in how they work (we count apples symbolically uith unit, even though apples can frequentially be different from each other in shape/texture/quality and the apples can be subdivided further into smaller symbols: ~5 seeds, ??? molecules, and ?????? atoms). physical (7) is opposite of desire (1), in that physical is fully tangible, meanwhile desire is the least tangible of all (so small of a thing, something like pico-sub-atomic); likewise conceptual (5) is the opposite of symbol (3), because a concept can resonate with many different symbols and so therefore is more like a spectrum or gradient, whereas a symbol is a defined unit/definition of something; a symbol's definition is itself and so is in control of its change, yet a concept resonates with a constantly changing set frequencies, and so therefore is always in flux. likewise, astral (6) and relational (2) are also opposites of each other in that astral focuses inward enlarging the concept and giving it physicality (attenuating everything else for good signal to noise) thereby focusing perception on one part or aspect of the whole, meanwhile, relational focuses outward, perceiving all symbols as relating to one another through all of the resonances that they have between each other (some good harmony and others not as good harmony), allowing for the sum of all of the parts to be perceived as greater than any of the individual ones.
