# (2) motivation

### 2023-08-11 09:56 - motive and meaning

often times I will identify myself symbolically by saying something like, "I'm a good programmer" or "I'm a good listener" -- and then I do my best to *present* the symbol that I have defined for myself (my mental identity) to others by performing actions which *mean* that: if I want to prove I'm a good listener, then I perform actions which symbolise, or *mean* (can be interpretted as) I'm listening often or that I'm paying attention (or whatever). likewise, when I'm interacting with another person, I often times expect them to perform in a way which identifies them with the symbol that I have defined them as (ex. if they are my *friend/wife/enemy*, then they should behave according to how that symbol/archetype behaves); their actions should reflect their *status*, otherwise they aren't behaving in a meaningful way.
  in the symbolic perspective, every action that anyone performs *means* something explicit, just like I wouldn't want to confuse addition with division, as they're very different operations. the various ways that these meanings are encoded into our experience is through the use of archetypes: symbols which have a defined syntax or protocol to them -- and so when things behave according to that syntax, it means something. as an example, in a beehive (and many places in nature), bees have a syntax which they perform in order to keep the hive operating properly and orderly. being polite is also another example: a defined syntax to show that I (symbolically) don't mean to behave badly.
    there are other symbols that break this syntax though, and so a "liar" will be someone who pretends to tell me what they believe, but their action is actually tto tell me something other; that syntax is designed to disrupt the "honest" syntax/protocol, which is telling a person (without adulteration) exactly what I believe. the symbolic world is very logical, and is designed to improve communication.

motive, on the other hand, is *not* the same as meaning: motive is all about how the *reason* or *why* I'm performing an action, which is often to *prove* that I am the symbol that I want to display, but often times the reason can be found elsewhere, which means that the motive is *always* (like a concept), *founded on desire* -- and so two people performing the same actions with very different motives will have very different results.

when I'm motivating myself, it's easy to find the reason for why I want to perform an action; however, it's when I'm motivating someone else, I'll need to *convince them* of that reason -- and often times that's done with the help of a reward or penalty: "you do this, and this will be your reward, and you do this, and this will be your punishment/penalty."
  this is where it gets complicated: when the motivation is to have the meaning, ("do this so you'll be my best friend"), the meaning/status is the motivation, but when it starts coming to punishment and rewards, this is where things start to go way wrong, because somebody needs to then keep track of the performance, judge, and then administer the proper reward/penalty, which is often times the beginning of a "power struggle" -- essentially over motivation.
    if I motivate myself, then I don't need an external motivator -- or, if the external motivator is only rewards and no penalties, then that's good; however, not realistic. really, what I want to do is to feel *attraction/desire* toward something, and let that attraction be the motivator, instead of some symbolic schema that presents a false motive.
      punishment/penalty is based on unwanted, and so I want to be motivated toward wanted, but if I have to do it by realising unwanted, then I'm not really motivating myself toward wanted, but instead *away from unwanted* (there is a difference).
        there are a lot Of ways that are "away from unwanted", but only 50% of them are toward wanted, so going away from unwanted, often times (I've noticed) leads only to more unwanted -- until of course I start to go toward wanted.
    the other difficulty is that when I look outside of myself for motivation, I'm giving up my own power to steer (attraction/focus is always going to determine the speed), so what I'm really saying (when I want someone else to motivate me), is "I don't know how to decide for myself what I want (so you decide)".
