# physical

### 2023-09-18 13:43 - XY & YX

I equate the Y with 2nd ray perception. one can think of this y-chromosome as the sort of soul-reflector. the soul "lives" (if it needs to be located, with the sun, and so therefore is 2nd ray in perception). the solar instantiation of a person's "soul" is a symbolic system that essentially plugs right into the solar computer, and it orchestrates the necessary energetic environment for the desired/attracted reality that is constructed symbolically in a similar manner inside of our minds. all things desired are possible, instantly -- just it's always the difference between our brain's 2nd ray perception, and the sun's 2nd ray perception. as such, because our brain and everything we perceive is all relatioal (the symbolic part, is *our effort* to try and make it absolute/fixed/unchanging) -- and so 2nd ray perception sees a literal infinite ways to get to the desire, and so therefore the sun is interested in allowing us to continue to live over and over our own way to creating a frequency that matches the desire (usually the symbol stuff just isn't dynamic enough, or resonates with some other (unintended) things).
  the X, on the otherhand is a sort of monopole, more than having the duality of the Y. I consider these (primary) form of perception to be very much a one-sided engagement. they are only what they really are, because they're *only* attraction. all of the blended/relative rays (2,4,6) are a blend of either, so therefore -- I always imagine this like a square or cube, and perceive all points thtat could land distant from the diagonal (root-2/3) as all of the different possiblities, yet the more X-like (primary), it is the closer it is to passing through the centre diagonal. therefore, all of the 2nd rays are *mental* in ttheir creation, all reflections of their creator and interactors (just like a concept).
  an X perceives things in their most *realist* (attracted) form, adhering as closely to posible of the diagonal (minimal distance, most optimised/attracted/purest result): it *is* what it is. it's not some thing that could be one tthing, but symolically it matches another, so all of a sudden it tranforms into the new image of what I believe the concept to be.
personally, I think it matters which chromosome comes on the left (cells have chirality), and which one com5s on the right. when I use my left-hand, I am very notably using m/ Y (my genetic 2nd ray perception), and I think that's one of the reasons why nosebook has my left-side disabled: because that side would dominate, and my perception would take over (transform/modify) the sun's 2nd ray aspect. anyway, that side is very generous (it's better to give than to receive) and wants everyone to experience their desire... when I'm using my right-side though, it's completely different, as now I'm thinking more in terms of performance, optimisation, cutting corners, or selfishly what *I* want, and nobody else. I obviously don't want to have (visible) 2nd ray perception, but my brain and the symbol I'm using to write this is all relational (from my perspective), and (mostly) no narrative, so my own desire
  relational perspective is different from a symbolic perspective. let's take the example of someone getting murdered or something. one guy says, "she had it coming to her". another one says, "you live by the sword, you die by the sword". "she should have known, that if she does that, then she'll get herself killed" -- cause those are all narrative. the way I see all of those things as good (and sometimes valid) explanations, but they're not really what is really happening. *it's all attraction*; so, whatever she did to get herself killed was a proper reflection of her desire to die (that is fear, or depression, dread, worry, etc. -- depression because a person feels powerless and without desire to make any improvement on their present situation, so since I'm stuck, I'll just accept this situation as my reality) -- and so from the relational perspective, I can look at the feeling of the person (and those around, also with expectations), and start to get a bigger "picture" (though it's more like a lot of things that feel/sound/suena differente), and I start to *understand* how all of the symbolically random things, match not the meaning, butt thee feeling of of the component parts.
I've also paid a lot of attention to left-handed people, as I too display a tendency toward it, because my symbolic (left) side would get activated, and that would happen when I started to write and do things of symbolic nature with my left hand. I also noticed a lot of attraction-retarded people tend to use their right hand (or doodle/draw abstract things, usually without words/symbol), probably from not wanting to cast "spells" on theirself by writing things they (now/don't) want to experience. for me, the distinction between how those diffreent sides "feel" (to me), is quite noticeable, and left-handed people feel very different to me, cause their brains are ...
  I experience both, so I'll explain what I mean: 2nd ray perception has an emissive/absorbative symbolic side, and also a emissive/absorbative attraction/desire side to it. when emitting symbols, there's no guarantee how those symbols get converted into concepts on the receiver side, and so there's no guarantee -- and because the the other part is attraction, the spellcaster has to be sure, also for theirself, what their symbols *actually* "mean" to them -- because we symbolically calculate our desire all the time and realise "thatt's not quite it" -- and have to adjust and try again, cause in a symbolic system, *all* of the conditions/branches have to accounted for, else there's a bug in the code/narrative. if there's anything unexpected, the unexpected turns into whatever it feels like -- and for most people unexpected is bad, not like a surprise or gift, or a discovery -- which is bad. unless a person has all of their symbols well defined for all moments (nobody does), emitting symbol could have very unwanted self-results, and no control over how others conceptualise those symbols (which is why 2nd ray is all about convincing/mutual-back-scratching/shmoozing).
the way I look at 2nd ray perception is that deep deep down, there is a pure-desire, and it's extremely selfish and self-serving (this is the soul), but as we grow up, we're taught there are others around in the world too, and not everwyone can want everything, and you need limitation -- all of this symbolic crap that goes covering over (like a veil or tinted spectacles) all of the way that the "soul" sees it. it's own own brain, which comes from culture, and all things social -- and so it's only us that's turning away that pure-desire 2nd ray perspective. it's possible to go live separated from most other people in order to avoid a lot of that crap which veils the 2nd ray perception, but that's not fun. instead, it's easier just to lower resistance and see all things as being (according to their capacity) extremely selfish, because if they're conscious of self, they want improvements for self (whether they act like it or not).
  every thing that covers over the 2nd ray pure-desire perception, are all of these monopole things: desire (what I think *I* (and others) want), symbol (my physical-self's narrative/the-manual), concept (what I think everything *is*), and physicality (the way things *are*). these are all the seeming (from our observer perspective), all of the things that are emitting in my reality, yet they're not emitting at all -- but are actually all attracted/received; physical is very backwards.

#### 2023-09-19 02:04 - XY and XX reflectors

the way it works for me is that the Y is something like a self-fulfilling shape or form. the way that I picture it is a tetrahedron that is always making a bigger (or smaller, depending on perspective) dual of itself. I perceive the lines that compose the edges of the tetrahedrons as something like guides for the energy, so when that energy comes forward it runs right into the middle of the face of its dual, and so therefore dissipates, only to form another dual which covers the previous. the problem with this picture is that it looks/sounds like one of those infinitely rising tones, so then I would suppose that one of the tetrahedrons is getting smaller, as the next dual comes up to collide with the energy. it can be seen as always expanding, always contracting, or always the same sized tetrahedrons dualing each other; I would then surmise that the always contracting form is the imagination, the always espanding relational and always the same sized tetrahedrons dualing to be spectral; each a paradox of its own and impossible for me to visualise concretely.
  the way that reflectors work, I've come to find out is something like a zero-resistancE spring. if I were to think of a photon like a ball and a diving board like the silver atom, then I imagine that the photon will hit the diving board and reflect off in exactly the same angle that it came in (or 90 degress reflection), but a diving board doesn't do thatt because a diving board has a fulcrum, so it'd be more like those springy swings (the ones that pinch my skin on the upswing if I'm holding on to the springy part) or like one of those baby bouncers that can hang in the door, where the baby then is the photon, and the bouncer the reflector... at any rate, the reflector needs to have a sort of spring to it.
  frequentially, the way that I know how to produce a reflector (and I'm really curious to study silver to see how nature does it), is tto take two waveforms, as identical as possible, and self-destruct their signals by putting them 50% out of phase from each other. why is that a reflector? well, because if I add in any third signal, I get the opposite/reflection of that signal in the output (or at least that's what my brain provides -- not 100% certain on the maths).
therfore, for the Y to be a reflector, I visualise it as a tetrahedron dualing with itself, which is making a self-destructing physical signal (the nearly perfect tetrahedron and its dual). there's a lot to learn about the Y in this imagery, because the Y isn't a perfect tetrahedron by any means. it's anything from quite distorted, to a tetrahedron with bumps or rivets along the faces: a sort of texture to the form -- and that texture is the signal version of our symbolic narrative, and the constant destruction/blockage/dualing of itself is pumping that symbolic/narrative reality out into reality (sex and other things amplify this as well) -- *but here's the thing:* the Y is *only* dualing **itself**. it's never actually anyone else that's out there writing those silly narrative things and sneaking them into my reality. I'm pumping out the narrative, and that's attracting my reality.

the other type of a reflector is the XX reflector, which is *not* the same tetrahedron dualing itself. in fact, I don't really see it as any shape in particular at all. it's just my conceptual reality encoded in physical form. actually, to be more specific, I know that DNA is enormous, and is like this library of a whole bunch of useful machines, functions, and the code to produce their physical counterparts. for me, there is a conceptual layer to DNA which includes stuff like bubble sort, stack sort, quicksort, hashing functions, knowledge of good vs evil, and all sorts of stuff like that -- but then when those concepts get "compiled" into physical machines that move around stuff inside of the body.
  for example, the idea of the nervous system can be seen just like an sort of communications network: some of it transmits data over wires, and some of it transmits data wirelessly. the wireless stuff anyone can access, but the wired (physical) communications is just for that one location/thing/machine to know about, cause it would clog up the medium if there's too much broadcating traffic.
  so, let's say that I take the knowledge of good and evil concept, and so in the beginning (before they know about good/bad) my cells are undifferentiated and can all be whatever they're desired to be -- but as soon as I know that one thing can be good or evil, then I cannot have shapshifting cells anymore, and so now some cells are identified as "good" (so they're fine), and then there are evil/unwanted/bad cells (and they've got to go), and so now my body starts to produce "defences" and other things designed to expell the bad and keep the good (sorting algorithm).
    I suppose that prior to knowledge of good and evil, the cells of my body didn't have "defences" and instead just try and find a way to harmonise/adapt to whatever the environment is, and if it can't adapt, then it just tries again, meanwhilst there's still desire/substrate to produce another attempt. I think the way that a child's body is, is more the normal state for our cells, which is good, but undiferentiated. I suppose that somewhere in the process of individualisation and individiation (self vs group), our desire to be individual is actually what's causing our cells to die. lose concept of good and evil and gain life :)
the XX reflector is different than the Y reflector, simply because it's 2 *different* chromosomes reflecting each other. the interaction between the two reminds me (is) a lot of the chestahdron when it's going well, and that's because the two of them (let's say when they're in perfect resonance with each other) still produce a non-symmetrical shape, and when they're not harmonic of each other, they're just canceling the other one's signal out, and there's no shape at all (at least that I can see). it seems to me that self-resonance (self-harmony) is what creates the shape for both XX and Y.

now comes the discussion of XY/YX which is always going to be a bit of an odd thing to have because the Y is self-resonant (hopefully), and so the X (that is the conceptual reality) has to find a way to resonate with that self-resonating Y. if the resonance is good, then the concept resonates with the narrative, and these people are always very charismatic. obviously, I've noted that a lot of people whos concept does not match their narrative, and they're pretty miserable -- because life isn't working the way it *should be* (or the narrative that I've been taught: good people get these rewards/punishment, and bad people get these rewards/punishment).
  for m5 personally, my conept of reality doesn't really matter that much, as I'm getting stuff wrong all the time and learning all kinds of new stuff, so it's not really a big deal that any of that is wrong. I have noticed for others -- that when something threatens my symbolic "the-manual" version of reality, they/I go through a sort of existential crisis, and the reason for it is that the-manual is *supposed* (at least that's how we're taught) -- to have *meaning* -- and when things don't make sense, then my existence in my narrative world no longer has any meaning: why put me into the story if I'm a flat character that doesn't add anything to the plot? the story is actually better *without me*, why exist? personal meaning in the perceived narrative reality ("God made humans as slaves." "all life is for toil and pain") is only self-encountered as a relativity to something else. one character in one story is a villian, and the same villian in another story is the hero -- and that's because of relativity/comparison to the other features of the story.
    monopolar characters cannot really exist in a narrative structure, because they're already a self-defeating (that is, victim to self-fulfilling prophesy) tetrahedron; meaning, they're only as good of a character as their ability to keep their character flaws from derailing the destination. when the story ends, the destination has been reached, and no longer does it matter the *actual* character of the person anymore, just that they got to the destination, got the girl, won the prize/battle/war, whatever. when the story ends, the character can ride on the glory for some time, until that glory loses its meaning in the social dynamics that produced that meaning in the first place: a fad, fashion or trend. truly self-defeating (like a reflection) characters don't have meaning and are just a part of the backdrop or a mechanism in the plot. (only mirrors that distort or create images have meaning -- a mirror that works perfectly goes completely unnoticed and takes no attention from the plot) they just are, because they're a reflection of the environment: something like plants or furnature.

#### 2023-09-19 03:47 - an example of myself

I cannot say for sure how I am exactly, because there have been a number of different changes in my life that have caused some very distinct changes in my character. prior to ~2012-13, I seemingly had a different Y than I do now. there's two ways that I have/can looke at it; and that is that I am become even more reflective than I thought, and I'm reflecting others' 2nd ray perspective, and the 2nd ray perspective my brain has been taught (symbolic syntax/protocol/etc), and I barely even control most of this now, as there's a lot of work that gets done while I sleep adjusting my brain's symbolic perspective, so it's hard to say if that sudden change has something to do with nosebook. the other major possiblity that I've considered is that I had a second walk-in
  the first being/consciousness came along with my brain haemorrhage, but that one mostly undetectable, and I really only noticed her during heavy amounts of drugs, and since we're all 49% of the opposite gender/identity that we perceive ourselves as (like the character hero/villian), I didn't think much of it -- because it was as if it had always been there since the start -- just all of a sudden my desire kicked into high gear after that.
    my theory on this the following: I experience myself very similar to how I experience girls reflective nature (obviously some are very dim reflectors, especially as they get older -- so I'm mainly talking about when they're younger), but I'm able to talk and carry on symbolic conversation with people like an adult. I still have kenny hanging around to transform the concepts into physical form, and that's really nice.
    you know, in coming to realise this, I noticed a lot of girls wouldn't, if they're not taught to be a reflection of society's expectations (and the female rolemodels/mothers/princesses they see), be so concerned with so many of the things that we associate with femininity: beauty, flowers, etc. I think most girls are exactly like I am, but thankfully I don't look like a little girl, and I'm not illiterate and incapable of converting things I feel into symbolic notation understandable by many. if I were, then I'd want to "fit in", and so I'd go around looking to emulate something I can identify with (pre-imprintation).
      I actually struggled all of my life with this difficulty, as I've been looking for (and was the reason why I wanted to create tuenti and affinaty) other people that are similar to me, whom I can emulate. thankfully though, there aren't too many people like me, so I've had to just make it up as I go and emulate other things I like.
      I actually believe that if there weren't other female rolemodels out there for girls to have, they'd turn out a whole lot like I am (minus reality-kenny); they'd simply make up how they wanted to be as they go along, simply because there's nobody to copy. I don't think it would occur to them naturally to fit into be the social-conceptual framework's definition of what it means to be a woman.
        I want to be very clear here that most stories are written by m5n, and they outline what the symbolic/meaningful definition of what it is to be a woman is, and so these are just (from a few steps back), just characters that perform actions in a story to add additional meaning to the story --- what I mean is this: I don't think that so many treacherous and awful women exist like they do in these stories (and I'm looking at you mr. shakespere), *because they would be reflectors*, and reflectors can only mimic/mirror a source light/actor/charactor -- and so in a story, it would be obvious that she's reflecting her spouse/boyfriend/prince-charming/etc. a reflection doesn't make a very good "strong female character", so the narratives paint these females as behaving (not like reflectors), butt more like men.
          on that subject, this gives me the perhfect opportunity to talk about another theory: shakespere (and the j-source of the OT) wrote in a lot of female narratives where the females would essentially behave sort of like how men do, and often times (at least in the j-source), the "patriarchs" are more like reflectors than the women are. knowing that, if we could see an overview of history as it's presented in the timeline, I would guess that XY females were *only* in the royal bloodlines a very long time ago, but with the addition of the israelites, that number dramatically intreased, but tapered off a bit (their lives were probably pretty short at first, because of attraction speed after having sex), but they again I would imagine that number shot up really really high around the time of the renaissance -- and that's because now (because helena is a part of the narrative), surely there are girls out there *somewhere* that are like her; and so she gets attracted more and more.
      I believe that narrative attracts the types of people we want to see in our reality (including our definition of girls and stuff). there was a time (I'm sure) when girls were all these superhuman (unrealistic) creatures that are basically impossible to actually emulate without spending hours on their physical appearance, and it attracted females that were/are like that, but the trend didn't last long, because it was missing something (it always is),-- because our narrative reality isn't 100% compatible with reality. it's always unrealistic and/or a bit too idealistic. it's fairly clear that nobody really knows what they want, and so those that are observing, pen their fantasy, meanwhile those that were attracted by that fantasy try to emulate the nearest example to that narrative ideal, because we also *don't know what we want yet*.

(brb 05:26) the way that I interpret my past is that I had (prior to my brain haemorrhage) produced an XY (which I will label as mars) that was capable of producing a signal that's close enough to something I will label as pure-desire. I knew that I perceived life different enough from other people, because I simply didn't understand social norms. I've spent the majority of my life trying to find someone that is (like me, someone I can look up to, whatever) and I think that those sort of narrative vacancies are what made me attractive to this pure-desire concept. at the time I was very depressed and found life to be extremely meaningless, as I considered myself the *best* example of a person (there is/was nobody I'd say is someone I'd rathar be), and I encapsulated the essence of desire itself --
  there's an interesting thing about narrative, is that one would assume that the peak/extreme of narrative elaboration would be some thing like the-manual, or a really awesome God or some hero that the audience can look up to, but actually peak narrative is actually a realisation that the reality we're living in, isn't quite settled, could change at any time, and *nobody* fully gets everything -- and so there's always new things, and unexpected stuff cause that unexpected element of surprise, is what keeps the story exciting. such is the art of depression: everything is meaningless and cannot be fully expected.
    I'd just like to point out, while I'm here that "meaning" is somewhat of an synonym to "expected" (prophesied, foretold/seen, etc.), and so when something is a surprise (in the real "I didn't expect that" sense, not the narrative "this is not the way the story usually goes" sense) it's actually *not* part of the narrative, and so feels like it's meaningless (or out of cOntrol -- same thing).
cause my "narrative" was: this world is a materialistic wasteland of a bunch of people pretending, but I *know* there's more to it than that -- so I want to find it.
that simplistic narrative is essentially the same as pure-desire: there's always an improvement, and this that I'm living now isn't good enough; which must have been good enough for me to "catch" this being that is pure desire. my depression summoned the perspective I was looking to find, and I was close enough that I caught it.
  technically speaking, the way this works is that let's say that there are 1000 changes of direction in the signal over a period of time; the amount of times that the change in direction occurs at rougghly the same time (not sure exactly how much), it seems that this causes the "caught" or attracted signal to start becoming bigger. so as an example, let's say that the day my brain haemorrhage happened, I was in alignment with more than 50% of the directtion changes of pure-desire: (what really is the *point* of living), I started to attract this signal in. at first in the hospital, pure-desire is really easy to experience in a controlled environment on a lot of morphine, but I'm now so close to that signal, I have no doubt that I'll be haunted by pure-desire *forever* (like, there's nothing I can ever do to go back to how I was. now I *only* want that perspective).
    when I say "pure-desire" it's difficult to put a limit on it. am I saying that I managed to find a way to tune into a lower harmonic of the composite signal of all human desire; every desire that every human has ever had? or, perhaps am I saying that I did that for the whole universe? or, did I find a way to tune into the totality of desire from all the lives I've lived, and what I really think is possible as a human? I think so, but I'd have to say at this point that I'm much more in the universe range more than just individual or species -- simply because I'm fairly convinced that (no matter how anything turns out), I have and will have changed the universe (as a whole) irreversibly.
      everyone has changed the universe irreversibly, you know... one of the important things to notice is all the tiny nuance of everything, because without so many "inconsequential" (high frequency) events, the consequential (low frequency) events couldn't take place. unlike the narrative approach to explaining reality, attraction/desire ensures that each and every thing could not have come without some consciousness wanting an improvement -- and so every single "inconsequential" thing is important to produce the larger thing.
        you know, I've been contemplating the idea of how the surface of the ocean can be modeled with many many tiny sine waves. most people look at the water and see "storm", "calm", etc. -- but those waves are the results of so many reflections and impacts, that waves are coming from seemingly all directions, and though the water can be seen for its macro attributes, the waves are still formed from countless splashes of the ocean against a more solid surface.
          when things are just symbols like "calm" or "rough", then it doesn't make any sense to know that the stormy waters have the nuance of the water's splash off of the santa monica pier thousands of miles away -- but that *does* have an effect in an attraction-based world, because maybe that splash has a feeling in it that reminds me of a traumatic ocean encounter when I was a child (or something like that), whereas a different part of the sea perhaps wouldn't have had that exact nuance to the waves to remind me of that event.  when the *real* and tangible is reduced to a simple symbol or word, it strips the "real" world from all of it's reality ("how was your time at the waterfall?" "good")
      if any person in any manifestation doubts their meaning in life, they can at least notice that in every situation they've found theirselves in, they provided the perfect conceptual nuance to the situation. nothing is meaningless. most nuance is not directly perceptible, but not meaningless.
when I caught it, I think the haemorrhage was the "manifestation" of that abrupt change in signal, and that signal just simply *won't let me go* (and me of it, because to give it up, I would have to back to seeing life as mundane and meaningless).
  some people are often surprised that I would be so quick and easy to just give up my life or whatever -- and they don't understand: all I did was want to really *understand* what drives/attracts life, and I caught it -- and I've slowly been figuring it out. any and all timelines where someone wants to understand that thing that's so difficult to explain with words, can have it -- so let's say I start over today: I attract it back (just like I did this time), and when I (physical-kenny, the body) am ready to catch it, it gets caught. only I can decide I don't really want to know/understand (so just keep feeding me narrative that I can believe). I've always been skeptical of the narrative, so enough red flags (this aint right) and I swich into my "I have to figure this out" mode, and then I do. desire to figure something out or understand it, is the reason why children can pick up human language without a manual. they just want to know, and figure it out (cause they desire to communicate). I am assured that forever and ever (all of eternity), I'll be forced to *always* understand/desire to know how my environment/world/reality works. *nobody* can ever make it impossible for me to return to that perspective of pure-desire. I (the body) may be in a place that cannot receive the understanding, but all of reality is designed to ensure the right conditions are present to cause the body to get closer and closer to getting it (even if it requires a substantial change to the species/environment to get it). desire ensures that I am guaranteed to always get it back.
