# symbol

### 2023-08-08 14:09 - symbolic atoms

one can think of each symbol performing like an atom does where it emits only on certain wavelengths; all of the atoms are like this, minus carbon and hydrogen (and possibly some heavier elements we haven't discovered yet). the reason for this is because carbon and hydrogen are "hexagonal planar" which just means that it's an array of cubes with their point pointed away. they attach things that are on their verticies they attach things, because the points that define their plane don't get attached tto (they emit).
  in just the same way, all of the symbols offered in a narrative, each have their own colour spectrum (and many/most past x-ray). just like the LED lights, they're a spectrum that *looks* kinda light white light. just like RGB on the monitor, it *looks* white, but it's not: it's red, green and gblue; but not white.
  we stacCk these symbols up on top of each other in a narrative, and the symbolic *"the way it is, cause it's like that*; those add up to be a spectrum that is something *like white*, but NOT white/right/good.
  pure desire is a continuous spectrum, and stars compete with each other on who can be more *white*; it's a bunch of females, and they're vvery wwhite spremistt. a real menace. anyway...
    the way that one can emit and also receive (because, like carbon) because a perfect emitter is also a perfect absorber. there's no way AROUND (tthat's cool) it, and so you can imagine that all those that emit a more and m6re perfect *"white light*" that is, a CONTINUOUS SPECTRUM.
      - reminder: macro system so that I can express larger things with a different sequence.
    I feel like the way that some species are built, they're symbolic in nature, in that they fulfill a frequency spectrum -- a sort of "atom" of nature -- and they have *many* **conceptual variations**; each one of these cconcepts that fulfills an exact frequency, and when that frequncy goes higher than that symbol/species is able to go, they go  "extiNct". the problem is, they're energy, and so that same symbol has to manifest it's frequency in a way that intersects in a way with the other conceptual speci-es/concepts in their environment are, thmen they mave to evolve to, form their own perception that spill resonates with their *past*; they're all past oriented, because they (epim5theus) thing perception of the past the past, controls The future.
    it's funny to find out how these "white lights" (like myself), manifests itself. the competition is to have the *most CONTINUOUS spectrum[(*)]. try to keep up. pure desire: the desire for EVERYTHING to improve and become more than itself is. so always an even *moare CONTINUOUS spectrum[(*)].
    carbon isxx your *WORST ONEMY*.

### 2023-08-15 09:44 - symbol vs relational

a symbol or an archetype can be thought of in a very similar regard to software development: let's say I have the symbol `0 == 4` -- which is a syntactically valid expression, however not only is it logically incorrect (the statment will never be true), it's essentially useless as well because of it; that code will compile though. another example could be `0 != 1` which is logically true and also valid syntax, yet that expression is also completely useless because it'll always evaluate to true. those are valid symbols and do exist somewhere out there in the realm of possibilities (in fact all such derivative true expressions probably exist *somewhere*, as somewhere out there some form of consciousness has evaluated nearly every possible true expression).
so, while there are infinitely many syntactically valid programs, the majority of them don't really do a whole lot. in the same way we can just consider a symbol or an action to be entirely inert, as a valid symbol (basically anything you can write down), is like a program that compiled successfully; however, does it *actually do what I want it to do?* (that is the question)
  you see, the moment that I introduce desire into the equation, I'm now looking at the *purpose* of the program, seeing if it conforms to my expectations, therefore making it no longer pure symbol, but now relating to other concepts.
  all concepts are founded on desire, because they came out of an imperfect result from a mental operation, and so therefore exist as a much much higher frequency version of itself, which is *always* going to be out of our reach to receive with any kind of precision (even with the *best* technology). this is certain and is the cause for continued expansion, and why all physical concepts are dramatically inferior to their constantly improving non-physical (much higher frequency) counterparts.
    as an example, imagine a musician plqying a song live -- and the frequency response of the sound equipment was infinite, to where tthe speakers cconnected to the amplifiers are capturing producing frequencies well beyond anyone's capacity to hear. those inaudible high frequency harmonics that the live audience is hearing and experiencing can be thought of like the most evolved version of a cOncept -- yet we don't have technology capable of capturing those really high frequencies, so it gets recorded at 44KHz (or whatever inferior bitrate) instead. those inferior recordings are the concepts that our brain uses, even though the much higher frequency versions of that song still exist.
  therefore, now that we're looking at how well the symbol *performs* (in some tangible/physical way) in relation to our expectations, then no longer is this a pure symbol, and now it relates to my desire as expressed in concept. we perform these expectations in software development in the form of unit tests, to see if the symbolic program *conforms* to the physically expected results.
    this function was originally expressed by "thoth" in the form of magic and ritual -- as, there is a sequence of actions that are prescribed (or the magician must perform) in order to get a certain result -- and the idea is that you have to perform the ritual just exactly as prescribed: that is, perform the actions/symbols exactly in the proper sequence, which essentially builds up belief (and later expectation) that the sequence/ritual will produce the desired result.
    the obvious problem with that though is that performing the sequence/ritual perfectly is analogous to getting the code to compile; a syntactically correct program doesn't actually guarantee the program performs what is desired, and so often times these these magic rituals would fail -- not because the practitioner's syntax was incorrect, but because their desire (1) didn't harmonise with their belief (3).
      all beliefs can be experienced conceptually, as we have a lot of code to say what is good/beneficial and bad/evil, and so some things should be done over other things, but for example if the gestapo is asking me if I have a jew in my house, do I *still* adhere to my belief that "one should never lie"? -- or is it OK to lie in *that* circumstance? obviously, if there are exceptions to the rule/symbol, then that's where there is a conceptual difference, simply because if I lie to the gestapo, then I'm expressing *desire* to keep my jewish friends alive, and so in that conceptual environment, beliefs are a little bit different. well, likewise these sorts of conceptual holes (bugs/insects you might say), are conceptual differences to the general way that things *should* work. it's those conceptual differences that prevent a lot of magic from working.
        I've expressed a number of times that I personally don't want to express falsehoods purposefully, no matter the circumstances
          yes, even in the gestapo situation there, because when that situation rolls around, it's already *WAY TOOO LATE*. the idea is that I'm the one attracting/desiring the gestapo to my door in the first place (fear will do that), and so if I'm really attracting what I want, that situation will never have happened in the first place. I already failed at attracting what I want way back when I desired/feared that situation to occur, and so my desire can also accomplish that I find a way out of the situation, as well (like some kind of distraction or something) -- but ultimately, that situation is already a lost cause, and so I just do conform to my ideas on things, and then find a way to feel good about the loss of life of my jewish friends (easy as that).
        and the reason for that is that the moment I start to cloud up my words with exceptions and justifications for why I shouldn't be able to say what I want to say (all of the time), is because I want to gain *more* capacity to render those higher frequency conecepts into words, and not have to (in some exceptional circumstances), force myself tto tune into lower frequency translations.
      it gets really difficult to work out what exactly is all of the conceptual holes (bugs) I have in my perception, and to try and work around all of those bugs, so as a general rule, what I do is I simply rely on my emotion here. if something feels bad to me, then I have to find a new way to conceptualise the same thing in a way which *does* feel good, because *received* emotion/concept is the precursor to *received* physical reality (though the physical senses), then it's pretty obvious that if I feel upset about something, then a multitude of new physical circumstances can still allow me to feel that upsetness, and I shouldn't need the physical circumstances to change my conceptual perspective/perception: how I conceptualise things in relation to what *I* want.
        essentially: the way I am emotionally/conceptually will carry into the next set of circumstances, so if I dislike some aspect of my reality (let's say I hate my husband/wife), then I distill that down to its essential quality (let's say I hate people telling me what to do), and so even if I were to get rid of the problem, (remove my husband/wife), the essential quality of hating people teling me what to do will follow me into the next situation, and so now all of a sudden I find myself in a new situation where someone else is telling my what to do. no matter how syntactically perfect all new situations are, I'll still have that one exception/bug that thwarts my magic, simply because I still have a strong emotional response to somenone that tells me what to do.
          sure, I could distract myself with a positive emotional response to something that I *do* like, but no matter how many nice new features I add to the program, that one bug will continue to show up over and over all over the code, until I figure out how to concptualise those bugs as a *beneficial reflection of my perception (2)*.

### 2023-12-12 18:23 - symbol is anything meaningful

when I say "symbol", I'm not referring to only actions, pictures, and words, but actually *anything* that has meaning inside of the mind. when I say "meaning", I mean "perceived implications". a symbol can be a picture, a word, or anything experienced. symbol represents any combination of pure-symbol, spectral, conceptual, imaginary, and physical experience, as perceived as an operation, action, or movement (hence why it's meaningful).
