# dudly-do-right

### 2023-08-23 11:24 - some thoughts on this charactor

yesterday, I ate a bunch of weed and I was reading about "two noble kinsmen" -- a story by chaucer tthat shakespere picked up and reworked into a play. the play is about two guys: mars (arcite, I think) and vulcan (palamon, I think) -- and they have to fight for this tyrant, and they don't agree with the tyrant, but they fight for him anyway (probably plants). they get captured and then sentenced to death by the newcomers (probably tudors), yet when they see emelia (elizabeth), they both fall in love with her and that starts a bitter rivalry between them...
I notice that the play was likely commissioned by henslowe, so I start reading about the different playerz-clubs that are around doing plays. I eventually end up reading about dudly's club called (it really rolls off the tounge) "earl of licaster's men" -- which did quite well for a time, but was eventually beaten by the "admiral's men". I noticed that dudly had a bunch of admirals that he looked up to, yet he was defeated by the "admiral's men". one such admiral he admired had two very young wives (12&16yo I think). this guy is also extremely inventive, commissioning the first flush toilet (amongst other things).
the strangest thing I noticed about him was his neverending devotion to the queen.
  this is the part that I really want to explain here because it illustrates some key points: elizabeth is essentially the female version of him, and so he's endlessly devoted to her and loves her the most (he's ariel and she's sycorax), but the thing is he can never actually be with her, and it comes down to a simple problem of attraction: he can't make the first move. he's mars + anatau (eg. like a plant) so he's *only attraction*, which means that he's "right honourable" and will *only* go with women that initiate the romance. he's super duper happy to go with elizabeth, but *she has to make the move*, not him -- and so that's why she trusts him so much: because he's not actually making any moves on her, and is waiting for her to want him.
    this is a simple game that you can see all the time with me: I (kenny) am the attractive one. (like a plant) you have to come to me, as I can't come to you. I'm completely stuck, fastened into place like a tree stuck in the ground.
    she too wants to be the attractive one, and so she cannot actually make the moves on him either, because she also wants what he wants: everyone that wants her to come to her. she can't ever find anyone that actually likes her for who she is, and everyone else is just an ambitious power/fame/wealth/money grabber (parasite) looking to take advantage of her/him. together, they do quite well for each other, but they can never *actually* be together because they both consider theirselves to be the attractive ones.
    there's another aspect to this which is illustrated by "two noble kinsmen" (which is probably referring to vere and dudly), in which dudly is having all of these vulcans do these acting things for him (cept that one actor edward, which I feel was more mars-like) -- and he's casting them in all of these strong female roles and stuff, which is really great for romance (from the girls' perspective), because they see a guy acting out a role that is something that they theirselves want (to be the strong female character), and that's massively attractive to the girls.
      so you know in "the golden ass" the story about mars coming in and sleeping with vulcan's girlfriend? well, that's the main problem here: vulcan is so busy thinking that mars (like me or dudly) is going to steal the girl (emilia/elizabeth/miranda) away from vulcan (many examples in my life, vere, calahan, etc.) -- and so on one end it *appears* like dudly/mars has to prove that he isn't going to steal the girl away from her, but in reality what's really happening is that mars/dudly is right-honourable, and will *not* go after what he wants: he is the attractive one.
    so what ends up happening is that dudly is essentially a little girls meat salesmen with all of his romances, because it allows for these vulcans (who don't think they're good enough) to act out a part, and because of females' reflective nature, get the girls that they want: they need the narrative reality that he's built up to exist, so that they can get the girls that they want.
    girls increase energy, and so it appears fairly obvious to me that there was a rivalry between these two (vere and dudly) because dudly knows he can never be with elizabeth, yet elizabeth will go with vere as long as vere makes the moves.
      it appeared to me very obvious yesterday that dudly and elizabeth are mirrors of each other, and so as soon as she started to reciprocate some of these guys advances (making her the attractive one), then suddenly he started reciprocating some similar advances from other women.
  the only way that dudly (or someone like me) can deal with a situation like this, is to simply know that (like the girls he's distributing) *everything* that he thinks he wants on the outside of himself, he really wants for himself.
as I [mentioned yesterday](/concepts/pure-desire.md#2023-08-23-0026---i-am-pure-desire), I don't want to have these narrative realities built up around me of m/ own creation, but I want to have the *real* material reality, *that I attracted*.
  the *only* way to do that, is just to simply continue to do right (and go for what's wanted), no matter how much I destroy myself along the way with my own narration. I can never fully get everything that I want anyway, so why not just enjoy the material, instead of constantly trying to build up some narrated ideal fantasy? that's for vulcan, not for me.
