# pure-symbol

### 2023-08-29 15:52 - pure-symbol vs meaning

pure symbol doesn't have any meaning associated with it. it's just an operation, a function, in isolation, interacting with only the things that resonate with it; it is the *opposite* of change: pure stablity. `2+3` will hopefully only mean the addition of two constants, and so therefore has no extra meaning associated with it. it isn't until the two begins to be associated with something (like for example duality), or the 3 is associated with a trinity, that such an operation begins to have meaning. a calculator (or any calculating machine) derives zero meaning from the operation. that meaning is entirely apparent to pattern matching machines (like us), where the most common cases for a biad are two extremes (a line), and the triad is a triangle (or reflection), and so we begin to think of those numbers (which could be in any position/configuration creating that line/triangle), in those extra-dimensional forms, when in fact, the symbolic form `2+3` is just a simple operation: addition of two constants.
  to explain this idea in a different way, I must evoke the mythology of prometheus and epihmetheus. I equate epimetheus with enki and prometheus with alalu/jeortau (and later enlil): enki/epimetheus designed all of the creatures of tthe earth at that time in a *functional* way; meaning, they all interacted in a way where one was food for another, and so on all the way up to the dinosaurs (and probably some other extinct species), which were at the top of the food chain. all creatures existed so that the whole entire system should remain in perfect balance (like both sides of an equation): pure-symbol, and that worked for a while ... so long as nobody derived any meaning out of it (like I did with the "top" of the food chain vs the "bottom" of the food chain). in a system of pure-symbol, all beings are inert, having no more value than any integer. t-rex is 2000 and cochroach is 2, let's say -- so the interactions of one creature eating another was about the same as breathing oxygen. we (mammals,insects,fungus) are at the "top" of the oxygen food chain, and the plants are at the "bottom" of it: yet we don't think of the plants being terrorized by the oxygen breathers.
    because earth is just a system in relative harmony with itself, each part performing the value of the operation inside of the function, if there were no perception (2) or (2) meaning associated to the different constants present in the function (ie, who is "top" and who is "bottom"), then the system continues to work how it is. however, those pure-symbols are not capable of protecting theirselves from our perception, -- and as an example, I could carry on for at least a half hour, on the meaning of the operation `2+3`, because it's easy for me to see what the difference between a line and a triangle is, and so that extra dimension gives me a lot of room to explain how 5 (the result), is greater than the sum of its parts (2&3).. etc. -- and then I could relate 5 to 6 (which is `2*3`), and talk about that (I always love a good reason to talk about the difference between 5 and 6) -- and all of that is because all of those things are reflective of (and relate to) different cOncepts that I have about those specific numbers -- and so that's all well and good, because I see all of those numbers as being different and unique in their manifestation and feeling, but I'm not saying that one number is *better* or *worse* or *top/first/best/superior*, like I would if I were to explain that bears are more awesome than fish, because they eat fish -- because if I did, then I would then be putting an element of desire out there: now I want fish to find a way to "fight back" or "regain superiority or equality from a position of inferiority" -- and *that*, the recognition that one thing is *less than* another (or not good enough), which is the origin of desire.
      to take this absurd example one step further, let's say that I feel like 6 is a number that just is getting a bad deal on the number line. it's not five, and it's not seven, but it's stuck there in the middle having to be the first mix of other more superior numbers (two and three), and so I really just want everyone to give 6 a chance; so I try and get everyone to start working on a based-6 numbering system, and though everyone has 5 fingers, let's say instead I compromise and say, "OK, let's go with the best of both worlds and go for a sexigessimal (base-60) number system" that way everyone is happy: we can count on our fingers still, but finally, for once the underdog, 6 gets its chance to shine (dimly in comparison to 5 and 7 obviously), but if we can force adoption, then it'll be a significant boost for poor underrated mr. six.
