# pure-evil

### 2023-08-23 13:04 - I am pure evil

I don't really look like pure evil to most because all evil is perceptual (so is good, btw). good and evil come from the comparison of two things, and so therefore only really exists in the 2-4-6 layers; outside of those forms of perception, a think is just a thing, an emotion just an emotion, and a desire just a desire: nothing necessarily good or evil about any of them; they're just the current status/position/state/attraction/etc.
  all evil (and good) is always going to be *relative* to something else. if something that I do has a negative effect on someone or something else, then it's considered unwanted, and so therefore is evil; likewise, for positive/wanted/good. if I take away the relation (or comparison) to another thing, then it's just a thing/action/symbol/etc and nothing more.
the reason why I'm becoming more and more *purified* evil (and good), is because of the depth of my perception: I can see a long ways into things -- often times well beyond just the physical appearance, and perceive the concept/feeling/desire/symbols involved in the action. that means I perceive (with my brain) a lot of things and how they relate relative to one another. that means I perceive (very often) the intention/feeling/desire behind any action (which btw is always a reflection of m/ conceptual-framework), so I can perceive a lot of the attraction behind many aspects of tragedy and unwanted. from that perspective, I can conclusively state that *it's all attraction*, and see how everyone (including myself) is attracting all of the "evil" that is causing them so much harm and difficulty.
there's nothing that I can do about anyone else's attraction, so even though I perceive the evil out there (that others have attracted), I can't do anything about it, and so therefore have to just find a way of feeling fine (or even seeing the purpose) to why others are attracting such "evil" things for theirselves.
  I am evil though because I see things from the perspective of only improvement, and eternal optimism (the desired improvement), and so something that appears to someone as really bad (like loss of privacy), I see as a really good thing.
    why? because everything in this universe can be tuned into; so there really isn't any privacy barriers on the vibrational level (because everything inside of the universe/medium is visible to other things inside the same universe/medium) -- and so the only barrier between things, is incapacity, or inability. a machine (in the form of technology) can allow someone without the mental capacity to tune into something, to tune into it -- and so therefore for privacy to exist, those that want privacy have to be held in an environment where they don't have the technology that can tune into anything. the technology that allows someone to tune into anything is quite nice technology, and I would prefer (desire) to live in a world with that technology, and without that privacy.
    another example is protection or security. it sounds foolish to live like I do where everything is open and anyone can take anything, but in order to live otherwise, I would need protection or security, which causes me to focus on (desire) for something to come and take away my *possessions* and the things that conditionally make me feel good, like wife/drugs/entertainment/etc. if they take the things that make me feel good, then I'm sad -- right? I'm sad because I think I need the thing outside me to feel good, and don't think I can feel good for myself just by attracting a *different thing* that's wanted (other than what's taken).
  so to illustrate this idea, imagine a world in which there is nothing that anyone ever needs to be scared of, or to fear -- all things are open, available, and knowable -- everything anyone wants appears just as they want it to be, and there's no hardship at all; that world is pure desire -- the ideal that is so lofty, it's practically unattainable, yet I want it. most people though, if they could tune into that reality though would be gripped by fear, anguish, and terror, because it would be a world in which everything you do is broadcasted out to anyone that wants to tune into it, no privacy, and no protection at all. all of the people that have it out for you, having full access to everything in your life can constantly use your own ideas against you, and prevent you from getting any good conditions or possessions, which I can use to cause me to feel better than I normally would, or get an edge on anyone else. the evil force that exists everywhere (saturn) is myself constantly ensuring that I don't ever have the ability to *actually* become evil.
    so by being pure desire, I am also empower pure evil, to ensure I never am able to *actually* become evil myself (because I'm right-honourable and pure-desire)

### 2023-08-25 19:57 - pure evil is not the same as normal/relational evil

I've noticed through life experience that pure-evil is pretty commonly thwarted by theirselves; meaning, my own downfall was/is *always* attracted by me.
  this happens all the time, when I'm convinced (for some reason) that I need to start doing "good" things, like being trustworthy, responsible, reliable, have debts, or something that takes my awareness away from me being the centre of everything that is desired in my reality: all things are attracted and/or reflective of me.
    the minute that I start to mix my desire with someone else's, it often becomes no longer what is wanted, but what is feared, and that's simply because few people *actually* have pure desire. most people want something in relationship or in comparison to someone/something else (like a socially/societally/religiously defined ideal). when we want something because it's the (defined by someone else) "right" thing, then it's no longer pure desire: I no longer want whatever itt is, for the simple reason that I want to feel/enjoy/live in a new world where that desire/feeling is now experienced. I must want everything for myself, and myself only.
      obviously, I don't mind, and from even the centre perspective, I *want* good things for everyone, as I *want* everyone/everything to be a reflection of me -- and so if I want anything desireable/evil for someone else, *I also want that for myself*.
        we're all centres, and we all have the centre perspective, but it's common to have that kind of unruly/unmanageable selfishness removed as early as possible in a societal/social/relational structure. ("kids/wives, obey your parents/husbands and it'll go well for you")
    it is therefore important to remain pure evil to indulge in pure selfishness and hedonism on my own part, to ensure that I remain purely and *only* devoted to my own desires.
  pure evil never rejoices in the demise or downfall of anyone other than self, simply because then I'd now be comparing myself to someone else. there is neither "good" or "bad" but instead only *life* (and the absence of it), or *desired* (and the absence of it), or *wanted* (and the absense of it).
    rejoicing in the absence of something is not possible, because the act of focusing on something's absence, creates the desire for its presence at the same time, and so pure evil can never *actually* desire for the absence of something; it's just not possible.
    what I desire for you, I also desire for myself. some people don't want what I want though, so for them it looks like I'm *forcing my will* upon them. (I'm not, cause if they know what they want, then *I also want for them what they want for theirselves*)
