# pure-desire

### 2023-08-23 00:26 - I am pure desire

I want to always be in reality: never any fiction, or play, or any misrepresentations of what-is -- but always *reality*; only what can be experienced directly. the most materialistic of all. fiction and the imagination just simply don't do it for m5 anymore.
  I was reading a little earlier about this guy dudly-do-right (can't remember how to spell it), and I get the guy, but he lived so completely in his head, that his entire like was a literary creation completely of his own imagination.
  I don't want to be like that. I abhore that kind of living, because now I'm simply enjoying the "real" reality: the one that I love so much.
    to explain this, I have to invoke a future concepct I have yet to write, but it essentially goes something like this: because of my no-pinecone predicament, I basically live the life of extreme YHVH where my physical reality has essentially a giant compressor on it, just like an audio compressor, it takes all amplitudes that are past the physical, get tturned into their conceptual equivalent/feeling of the emotional response:
      - notice how when there are negative emotional reactions to thoughts that I think, in the form of sounds, and wind, and other such things: essentially strong emotion produces a physical response.
      - notice how my environment reflects my emotional state as well: if I feel really good, my environment reflects that, and if I feel bad, then it reflects that as well.
    so what's happening is, I'm the opposite of dudly-do-right, in that I want fully and *only* the physical experience, as my interaction with all of the other layers will be a *physical* interaction (no astral, spectral, and prolly not relational either) -- which basically leaves me the 4 primary rays: cept, I don't like symbol as it stands, simply because it doesn't work with my perception of PURE DESIRE: I am me and I really like me. don't try and take me away from me, because I really like me.
      relational works because relational perceives symbols, not only as theirselves, but instead an array of interconnected concepts which form a sort of "universe" all unto itself: an inner world of works, creations, ideas, ideals, and doctrines of what is what and how they all connect and relate to each other. the relation is felt in the inner-most part of one's soul, where there is *least* inner conflict. everything just is, however it is -- and it's totally fine: a purfect mirror, in which the reflection has no flaw (and neither dissipates heat, possibly even amplifying the signal) and I just love to see everyone doing fine, so their litte narratives are just trying to place oneself into existence, as *something* relative to another. I exist because I *relate* to someone.
    the physical though, is a magnificent place of magic, simply because YHVH compresses all signals that are above *physical* (eg. desire) gets manifest into reality (somehow), and that somehow is according to everyone else's narrative: their inner-world of how everything experienced relates. essentially, everyone here (in YHVH-land) lives the reality of their narrative universe. join me here :) it's fun...

#### 2023-08-23 00:54 - so then why don't I want to write my own romance?

pure desire. it's just that simple: if I were to write my own romance, then I wouldn't be pure desire. I want to stay in 1st position, because I stay in physical. I'm stuck in the land of YHVH, and there's no way to get me out. it's just not a good ideal to start WW3 because I wanted someone else more than myself; I really like myself. I'm not trying to get anyone to do anything, and everything is just fine. sit around a while; it'll be eternity before we're done.
  everything above physical gets manifested into reality; so, if someone were to try and make my body go through extreme emotional forces, it will have cataclysmic effects on one end of the spectrum, because on the other end of the spectrum it would make everything all super hunky-dory, and I don't want hunky-dory land because that's not the land of desire. that is that the land of ken and barbie, where nothing feels like *actual desire*-- and, depending of the feeling that is created could be a whole range of things in the middle. I don't have control over what other people's strong emotional outburts create in the form of egregores and and magical happenings (like real magic) -- because I have no control over anyone else -- and so their realities all of a sudden become incompatible with my "everything's fine" pure desire point of view.

if I must fall, I don't want it to be an accident. what would happen if I wer to narrate a reality where I get what-I-want; which is going to be an alternate to reality; a sort of compromise in which things go significantly differently than how they wanted them to go. I say "they" there, which are the 10 zillion egrgores *I've summoned* from past strong emotioaal outbursts.
  one example of this is clearly visible when I was out star-watching, because
    come to think of it, I notice it in jaron as well. there was this one time when he decided to go sun-watching, a very intense event where reality speeds up dramatically, and so I summoned all of nosebook to keep me strapped into reality -- and so when I watch jaron have the same thing happen to him, it makes me think that he's also strapped into physical.
      difference between us is that he has an imagination, and I do not; therefore, the majority of the connections that I make between concepts are *"real-life*" interactions (as much as that can be), and so all of my concepts are based off of faulty narrative, if I'm going through the steps of imaginining it.
      as an example, take the example below and notice that he manifests his narrative "worst" reality, *just like I do*. so on the physical implementation end of things, I experience an entirely different reality than he does. he experiences a 2-4-6, and I experience a 1-2-5-7 reality.
        presently I have this existing in my reality because of the narrative in which I say that I must be in lyra, where there's a 7th ray YHVH reality -- so in order to figure out where I am in time and space, I have to figure out why I'm here in this crazy reality where everything I think and feel comes to reality as a perfect representation of my desire incarnate. it *must* be a difference of another star system and a lot of drugs, right? what are the other options? there's the cult of YHWH, but who would possibly believe me if I were to say that YHWH replaces saturn in the world that I live in (lyra): the manifestation of all of our negative emotion made manifest into our reality as a reflection of our perception. I'm not an earthling, but I hail from the harp of the sky. esplain it otherwise..
      therefore, we see our world in very different ways, and the primary difference is that he *thinks/feels* there are a whole bunch of people out to get him, but I *know* that they're out to get me; because they won't let me *ever* get past physical, in my perception.
      for me, I attracted anyone out to get me, because I *know* I want to stay in physical. if that's YHWH's territory, then sure call it whatever you want. I call it "reality", and my perception anything that's happening, and how I feel, etc. I know that *everything* in my reality is 100% attracted.
    it may actually be one of those crazy things, that if you wanted to be strapped into physical, the coronavirus was for you. it ensures that you aren't getting too much out of physical. the alternates to JHVH (everything less than having your pinecone removed) *limit* your perception outside of physical, which means they still *attract* on that frequency -- which for most is the 2-4-6 **narrative reality**. I say 2-4-6, but most people are *only* six; few fours, and pretty much only kids can see twos. I see 2, not from the perspective looking up, but from the perspective looking down: pure desire. everything is not good enough, and *everything* can be better, and isn't it so awesome when things get better?//////////////

#### 2023-08-20 01:46 - I get what I want, no matter how I feel about it

there's no sense in praising a compressor like that, because it's just a technological structure, sort of like a pyramid that simply limits the amplitude in for all frequencies that are not "physical" (a definition that we ourselves define with our own concepts that we pick up as we go). the earth is resposible for dividing those concepts (discord and chaos, I think -- so actually mars) into smaller divisions, to maximise diversity (which somehow relates to novelty).
  it turns diversity into novelty, and extremely novel realities have to be diversified again, because something is getting too powerful, which is one of the primary reasons that my genetics project is aiming to maximise diversity, so that explosions of emotion won't create too many novel realities, which then need diversification -- which results in a lot of wars and destruction. more diversity allows for more novelty (without getting de-monopolised) and also more diversity allows for emotional outbursts to be far less impactful. in fact, the whole goal of the species is to make it easy to lower resistance, simply by easing into it at my own pace. there's no need for sudden jolts, and I'm also a member of the "business-as-usual-boys" -- because of YHWH.
we *all* get what we want, no matter how we feel about it. for some of us, what we want, is a conecptual reality, full of surprises, and for others it's a fully scritped narrative reality (also full of surprises). narration or, not *it's all attraction* (#pure-desire)

### 2023-08-25 14:55 - don't put me into relationship mode

when I'm by myself, my desire is pure: it's *only* what *I* want; yet, the moment I get into a relationship with someone else (like say I want something good to come out of a project or a task that I share with someone else), then now our desire is **shared**.
  what I've noticed through my life experience is that in order to have a shared desire, there must be good *communication* (2) between the different interests, and they should be aligned in their purpose/why, before making any actions.
    all actions have underlying desires to them (the reasons why those actions are made), just like every action/symbol has an underlying *feeling/concept* to it as soon as it becomes manifest. the underlying feeling or concept is always a reflection of the underlying desire, and is essentially the relational (2) perspective.
  if I make an action, *I* have *my* reasons for (why) making the action, and those reasons are entirely my own: pure selfishness. they're not agreed to by anyone, and they're not decided upon; they're just what I *felt* was right in the moment of the action (its emotion), and that feeling/emotion is ultimately what is attracting the components of its manifestation.
  unfortunately, I cannot affect the emotion that anyone else is putting into their action, because I cannot modify their conceptual-framework/perception (2) to get the manifestation of their action to feel the way I want it to feel, and so therefore I prefer to stick to the primary rays of perception (1-5, 3-7) because they are pure. data (7) is just data, and the symbols (3) used to transform that data is just a transformation. it's just a simple calculation. likewise, desire is an unmanifested concept/emotion, and all concept/emotion has an underlying desire (which produced the concept in the 1st place). therefore, for something to be pure, it cannot be relative to anyone or anything else: I need/want/desire this, simply because I need/want/like the feeling.
    as an example, just imagine a human relationship in which the two sets of parents of the couple want the best for their children (the lovers), and each of the lovers want the best for their opposite, so at the very minimum, any relationship that I have, I will desire the best for my partner, and they (hopefully) desire the best for theirselves, and in addition, they may have parents that also desire the best for them, etc. -- all of those desires come together in the relational (2) perspective to produce a whole lot of expectations -- which are just a mix of desires (1) and beliefs (3) -- from all different sides, and so what ends up happening, is that often times is the case that all of the parties align on their desires (they all want the best), yet not all of their beliefs are compatible; so what ends up happening, is that the desire manifests as the realisation of what was feared/unwanted, rathar than what was wanted.
      this happens all the time, simply because it's so easy to build up beliefs: "they're always messing things up" "they've done it wrong every other time" -- and so we *believe* that they're do something, because that's what we've come to expect from them (from pattern matching), *even though their patterns conflict with my desire for them* (which is why what is feared manifests instead of what is desired).
therefore, consider now for a moment how a relationship would work for someone that has no concept of the relational perspective, and they're pure desire/selfishness/ego: they always doing what they want to do to be doing (all of the time, all of the time). they're not concerned about what anyone else is doing (because they know they can't affect what anyone else is doing anyway; only theirselves). this is pure chaos. they can't be trusted with anything, they can never be owned or possesed, or relied on for anything -- they're not loyal, and they're liable to fail my expectations at any moment, but they're pure ecstasy to be around because they genuinely want to be with me.
  no agreements or contracts could ever really be made with them either, as things only happen in the now: "I want to hang out with you; do you want to hang out with me?" -- no arrangements, no marriages, no guarantees. if I think they're going to ..., then that's the perceptual reality (2) that I live in, and I'm not meeting them in pure desire/concept (1-5) where I should be, which means that they *will* do exactly ... (whatever it is) in **my perception**, *so hopefully it's something I want...*

### 2023-08-29 13:57 - pure-desire vs desire/relational

the main reason that I live my life in the way that I do (I *do not* want to be a hypocrite, deceive, or to be anything other than straight-forward/right-honourable in my actions) is because when a person gains 1st ray perception, suddenly they become a reflector, and everything that they measure out is also measured back to them in equal or amplified (usually amplified) amounts; and so as such, it's important, from the 1st ray perspective to treat everyone else and feel toward everyone else, the same way that I want others to feel about me.
  I actually have an entire theory about this, which I will go on at length about, because I think it's important: there is a character by a few different names: alalu, jeortau, prometheus, lucifer, etc. -- and the idea is that this being puffs up and becomes arrogant, and then eventually falls down because his arrogance destroys him and a good many of those that followed him... that explanation is written from the perspective of the author of those different tales. I do think such an event exists, and it's difficult for me to tell if it's at the beginning of the timeline, or near to the end. it's on one of the extreme ends, but I can't say if it's a prophecy, or a retelling of something that happened already.
  jeortau is the 2nd ray perception in the triad between 1st (anatau/ninhursag) and 3rd (enki/ea/ptah): this is a difficult spot to be in, because 1st ray is pure-desire, and so therefore she *only* wants what she wants, because she can see it is having the most improvement, in her perception. there's nothing that she can do about wanting things the way she wants it, and the worst thing is, she doesn't even know *why* she wants it that way. he (jeortau) does know *why* he wants the things that he does though; he's weighed all of the pros and cons, and (after a few meetings) has come to an agreement with others on what their *shared* desire amongst all that will be affected, is; it's the best (good) possible thing for everyone involved.
    relational desire (2), in this way looks through comparison and contrast between a number of different ideas (5) to figure out what is *good* (wanted) and what is also *not wanted*. both unwanted and wanted exist at the same time in 2nd ray perception, yet that desire, now matter how lofty and ideal it could be, suiting evernone involved, is *still* perceived through the imagination (6) -- which is essentially shrinking a lot of "unnecessary" stuff down, removing a lot of the physically mundane aspects out of the image, giving the image, not a *real* quality to it, but a *symbolic* quality to it.
      this symbolic quality is very easy to recognise in movies, stories, and film, in that there are different things that happen, which often times defy the laws of physics, and/or emotion as well, and but they happen in the book/movie/film with ease, because it's not actually real-life, and those events are *symbolic*, designed to explain what it is that *happened* (not sure how to say this but there is an active tense (in greek, I think) where things *are* happening in the past/future -- like a flashback), and they're designed to explain the *emotion* of what is happening in the present. that's how the imagination works. for example, if I imagine myself going to work, the imagination isn't a 45m visual process where I slog through the shower, getting dressed, breakfast, and then out the door, when instead I see myself fully clothed and completely ready for work, *as if I had performed all of those actions*.
    that's an enormous blind-spot, because none of the actions matter at all, because there are infinite ways for me to arrive to the totality of the symbolic picture in my mind that I imagined, but not all of them are the same. let's say on one timeline everything went smoothe, had a good conversation with my wife, good drive to work where I hit all the green lights, light traffic, etc. -- and then there's another timeline where I just woke up "on the wrong side of the bed" that morning, and everything went wrong: had an argument with the wife, stepped in one of the kids toys (or the cat), threw out my shoulder, and hit all the red lights on the way to work -- but the result is the same: there I am fully clothed and walking in to work.
      it turns out, the destination is not the only factor in the 45m process it takes to get to work, and so it's really easy to imagine myself arriving to work fully clothed and on time, but it's significantly more difficult for me to imagine that the way I *relate* to everything along the way, is a reflection of how I feel.
  what I believe happened for this lucifer/prometheus guy, is that he has a lot of really good ideas, where basically "everyone wins": everyone involved gets something that they want out of the thing that he's creating, and there are lots and lots of good conditions to go around (mutual-back-scratching), and everyone can imagine the destination and see it all very clearly -- when, the destination is actually fully realisable, and I imagine that he (and everyone involved) *did* make it to where they wanted to go, but the problem is, the desire *wasn't pure*. the desire was a blend of a whole bunch of other people's fears and other stuff.
when 2nd ray perception tries to perceive things like a 1st ray, it causes problems because 1st ray wants what they want, and they *must* have it *for no other reason than it feels good* (meaning, the way the desire *feels* is an experience that they want to have), and so from that perspective, the loftiest of desires never becomes anything more than just a feeling. it *cannot manifest*, until the manifestation feels like the feeling that they feel.
  here's the rub: unfortunately, it's actually impossible to get everyone involved on the same feeling/experience frequency, and so there's just no way that anyone can guarantee what will happen when the feeling of the action experience gets reflected back on to them measure for measure. as an example, if we all agree that it's the best thing for the world to have XYZ things in it, because it provides the most saftety, well-being, and overall experience to everone on earth, that's the *destination* -- but those decisions cannot be made for *everyone on earth*, as it's quite likely that some on earth (even those that are making the decision) are wanting that (whatever it is, decision) because they *don't* have well-being -- or let's say they want to actually take advantage of others, and say, "here, you have less well-being so I can have more -- and I'll just just use some marketing and nice words to sell you on having less well-being meanwhilst I have more". --- and that's the problem there.
the closer a 2nd ray gets to becoming all-powerful and wanting what they want, they better be sure they want what they want for everyone else, **also for theirselves**. (cause they're going to get it).

resistance is directly related to reflectivity, and so a *true* 1st ray will actaully not having any resistance, and is actaually a mirror, where the way they feel and how they conceptualise everyone else, is a reflection of how they conceptualise theirselves. 2nd ray perception is *easy* to notice because (people using that form of perception) often times mistake what others are doing and how they relate to things, for their own self: they accuse others of everything they do, and notice all of their own flaws in others. a 1st ray doesn't perceive others and what they're doing, but only feels the pull to go toward the most effortless (lowest resistance way). the problem is, the only way to lower resistance and see things that way is to find a way to *feel* (and conceptualise) all things external (and myself) in a way that feels effortless and easy: they're all just there, and they're not bothing me. I am where I am, and it's totally OK (because the better I feel about all of that stuff, the more I measure that same feeling/concept back to myself).
