# saturnian triad

### 2023-12-12 16:54 - venus and thoth

I'm not 100% on this idea, but this is how I perceive it presently (as always, which is why these are timestamped): here on earth there seem to be only a relative few (<1%) people that are seemingly conscious and consciously guiding the their reality into being. the rest of the people seem to have a mix of vibrations from our different planets (symbolic archetypes). these conscious beings seem to be the ones that do great things, and start new cultures, and then once those cultures have been bootstrapped (meaning, they have a symbolic system in which communication occurs (verbal|written) and a set of archetypes/symbols that the different roles in the culture take on), then these cultures sorta go into autopilot and new children that are born seem to take on these thoth/venus roles.
venus represents pure-symbol (a good example of this is ereshkigal in innana's descent into the underworld), and she follows all of the rules the culture has laid out for her. she's a good wife, and raises children the way the culture says to do it (to the best of her ability, of course).
thoth is a 7th ray, which means he can interact with all of the rays with ease, but he's limited by the narrative.
    the reason why I believe that thoth is limited by the narrative goes way way back into a time when our solar-system was a traditional one, where the sun is the centre (now, the earth is the centre), and at that time tiamat (the 5th planet) was still around, so saturn was in the 7th position (and thoth in 1st position), meaning thoth and saturn had the full lenghth of the spectrum to work with.
        also, at that time, I'm pretty sure that each of the different planets represented their ray type: earth. these were the "legendary times" when things were backwards from how they are now. in the ray system, we're looking at a top-down system, where symbol (as determined by enki) governed all of reality. there's a bit that I can't fully see, because the solar system was different then, so instead of explaining I'll just say what I see: earth was symbolic at the time, mars and thoth are similar, and thoth may very well be the core of mars, and I'm pretty sure that venus is would be the same thing for jupiter (though I don't know about "core" I don't know how to express the idea -- OK, I got it). venus is jupiter, now receptive and narrated by the sun, and thoth is mars, (still emitter), but now narrated by the sun.
    however with the destruction of tiamat, saturn falls into 6th position, and somehow that takes thoth away from 7th ray perception, and aligns him with astral (6) perception instead. the result that this has is that he perceives everything symbolically, instead of physically; which is good, because writing and language are sorta important for anything productive -- but the disadvantage is that he's largely limited by the culture that he's born into.
the way I figure it, thoth is most XY males born into a society. from the sun's perspective, if the society needs more mailmen, then thoth is born with a desire to carry mail, and if the society needs more woodcutters, then he's a woodsman, etc. -- all the way up to the sciences and engineering. he's just the "plain joe" that gets born according to the combined narrative of the parents (both mentally and genetically). tantric sex I believe intensifies his narrative, and causes the thoth to be born with more drive and motivation. from the sun's perspective, the production of the thoth and venus children satisfy the needs of the society, and produce the narrated couplings that are desired by the imparting parents.
    from the sun's perspective, none of the creations of the thoths and venuses are anything other than finding resonance patterns between each individual in the societies' concept of those symbols. for those whom have compatible concepts of the symbols invoked, thoth and venus are born. so, as an example, let's say that I want a wife that has certain symbolic qualities, and then with her I want to have a son that fits another set of symbolic qualities. well, for the sun (whos perspective does not include time the way we think of it, but all possible configurations), automatically creates that future wife and son for me based on my symbolic desire -- and so all I have to do is to find a way to the concept/feeling of that reality in order to experience it. there are many other realities where thoth and venus are slightly different, and some work and some don't. because we navigate conceptually now (and not symbolically), there are infinite variations to all of the desired thoth/venus combos that I could ever desire in reality, and they exist in a (non-physical) state something like the opposite of imagination (without definite form, because that is found when instatiated into physical). the sun is pretty good (and constantly getting better) at mapping the solar (2nd ray) perspective down into actual physical terms (lower half is symbolically relating, and upper half is conceptually/desire relating).
now, as a contrast to the thoth XY males, mars I consider to by a XX male, meaning he's only from earth -- which means that mars is basically earth (aphrodite), caused to have a masculine form -- and I believe that's accomplished by the number of different pyramids that exist on both earth and mars (pyramids btw have a strong effect on DNA, which is perceptual). mars and thoth are pretty similar though because the both have a brain (2nd ray), and also seem to perceive astral very strongly (especially when boosting astral/pineal stuff through sex magick), and so mars, when he's seeing astral is very similar to thoth in being stuck inside of the narrative.

the saturnian-system is the 4th ray form of perception, which is the midpoint around where subatomic (symbolic) and atomic (conceptual) meet, and this system is essentially the earth's way of regulating itself. saturn represents the part of the creation that is most stuck: all of the cultural narrative, and everyone's responce to it. the responce/reaction that we all have to the various symbols is how we navigate the infinitely many solar reality configurations: for example, if I find a getting a venus wife detestable, and settling into the day job of my choice, then I navigate myself *away* from those symbolic realities, because they don't feel good to me (or maybe I'm used to feeling bad, so I go with the wife cause I don't know what else to do). most people (ie venus and thoth) only perceive the *symbolic* (outside-in) part of the saturnian-system, and so interact with it on a symbolic level (usually in the imagination), however everything seen, felt, heard, experienced *is a concept* that exists inside of the brain, and so all of the cultural (and experiential) baggage of that symbol comes with it, and so has a feeling to it. therfore the saturnian-system itself (from the outside-in perspective) is a reflector of our inner concepts, and actually has little to do with reality. any movements made in the saturnian system are self moving their perspective around inside the infinite possiblities found in the sun, and so because they just navigated theirself to another (symbolic) solar "timeline" (path) that they like the feeling of. the system (because its a midpoint) is itself reflective of ourselves and all of our concepts (ie perception) of how reality works (inside the brain).
I brought up mars in the previous section as a contrast, because presently my understanding is that mars is quite reflective, and thoth isn't quite as reflective. thoth (+7) is an emitter, and so therefore is trying to prove the narrative reality he's been born with (genetically) and the one he's acquired mentally from cultural and social input. so, even if thoth, vulcan, or venus interact with the system, it's still a reflective system of their own brain's concepts.
    I've also noticed another effect here while I'm on the subject, and that is that it seems that the sun (perhaps actually it's all things going at subatomic+ speeds) is that these people seem to have outside-in perception (like the sun). for men, one of the things that I noticed is that around the anus is a vibrating circle at the base chakra, and I believe that (not sure if it's the same for females), that when the circle is broken, it has the effect of turning perception from inside-out to outside-in. there's good reason for it too, and I think it has entirely to do with the speed of one's perception: anal sex has the prostate/cervix and eyes pointed in the same direction, so it's like a fan with another fan mounted on top turning on, which the net result is that the two fans both go faster. it would go indefinitely faster, but there is resistance to it continually vibrating faster (dampening effect), and I think that has something to do with the anus circle -- so once that speed goes fast enough, now it passes through the midpoint and everything inverts (like the earth around the place of the crust), and now things are perceived from an outside-in perspective. somehow (and I'm not quite sure why), the effect of breaking the circle removes a man's reflectivity.
saturn (+-4) I believe is not any single guy, but instead a collection of all of the thoth types that have given up on the cultural narrative as maintained by jupiter->venus and mars->thoth, and have elected to instead pick the non-conflicting lifestyle of homosexuality (cause the fans are going the same way). therefore, I essentially consider the saturnian triad to be the maintainers of order and stability for the earth: thoth does what he's narrated to do, until he gives up on it and goes emitter (top), and that works for as long as thoth has temperance to his emission and doesn't start attracting too strongly unwanted, because at some point, he'll eventually realise that it is good to not only give but, also to receive (like timon of athens) -- and so now these saturnian types are kundalini inspired to react to everything that is around them based on the way his interpretation of the symbols feel (when they feel good or bad he's inspired to make sounds or actions). this whole interaction of saturn reacting maintains the cultural narrative that thoth is so busy fighting against (and poor venus is just the symbolic reflector to those guys).

### 2023-12-22 03:30 - venus and isis

venus (the planet) and isis (the sun) have an interesting relationship which manifests itself here on earth. the example I'll give is this: imagine that our thoughts emanate out of us like signals; some are of longer wavelength (sound, heat/IR, etc.) and some are of shorter wavelength (astral/UV, concepts/emotions/x-ray+), and these interact with the environment, and in some cases produce signals that are so small of a wavelength, they're subatomic. now, we can imagine the subatomic (upper half of 4, 3-1) as having a structured/coherent part to it (3), and an unstructured/incoherent part to it (upper half of 2, 1): the structured part is like a net of vibrating particles that are essentially designed to "catch" (because the incoming light/vibration is similar enough) the vibration and then bounce it back into the atomic wavelengths (spectral, coceptual, emotional, astral, physical). the role that venus plays is exactly the one that I described with the net example. she represents the "glass ceiling" of all known symbols and how they can be translated into something tangible. as an example: if I were to imagine or project out a symbol of abundance in relation to my own life (or someone else's), that symbol of abundance can only appear in a way that is *logical* to me: meaning, it has to com5 from something physical (like a real person giving me something), astral (like an abundant dream/vision), conceptual (a feeling/emotion of abundance), or the spectral (perception that abundance is a gradient, found in everything in some amount). those "manifestations" of that symbol (abundance) ultimately change how I feel, and therefore cOnceptualise my world around me, which further attracts more manifestations that are symbolically similar/resonant.
	that symbolic system of manifestations having a symbolic resonance to them, is *quite limited*, because the *meaning* of a symbol can often mean vary quite a lot from person to person and culture to culture (and any other social system inbetween, along with others). the other difficulty is that symbol is constantly changing. just look at the difference between how one person may read the book of revelation in the the 500s vs 1000s, vs today; or, how one may interpret the symbols presented by shakespere in his time vs 1700s, vs today. the symbols, though constant in theirselves, are constantly changing in the minds of those conceptualising them (putting skin/reality) on to the symbol by relating them to their point in *Time*. each of these different conceptual realisations of a symbol is going to put a slightly different *spin* on the symbol, allowing for something that is unchanging to morph as it travels through time.
	the morphing quality of this symbol in each person's mind *is* the spectral/saturnian system: on the upper part, there is the visual/symbolic system where venus determines (through the realisation of our own narrative) what is the way that the manifestation of those symbols into physical/astral/conceptual/spectral form, and not break the functioning of the whole.
the way that isis fits into all of this, is that there are simply symbols that do not fit into venus' version of reality: as an example, let's say that I want to make a thing that is available to everyone, and it's free; well, if the society that will receive such a symbol is incapable of conceptualising it (it has to come from the gods, or a person can only get what they *earn*) -- then these are beliefs that prevent the manifestation of that symbol into those social systems; so, these are signals that slip through that web-like strutcture and head off into oblivion. they were too fast to catch (ie, "ahead of their time"), and so they continue on toward the sun. thoth (being a 7th ray) also has a chance to catch the signal, as well -- and he can catch anything that he's narrated to do so -- so for example, let's say that venus *likes* the symbol that I wanted to create, and wants it to exist (cause of some calculated desire), so she narrates thoth to be able to perform some symbolic things which will make its manifestation possible. if neither of them can catch the symbol and do something with it, then the sun receives it. isis isn't looking at necessarily the symbolic aspect of any of it -- but because she receives all of the things that don't quite make it, she's got a catalogue of symbols that couldn't be manifested into the mind of venus or thoth, and so these stay inside of the sun vibrating in the form of each individual concept as they were perceived by those who originally perceived the symbol.
	to explain, if I perform something physically (like a play or a masque) that has a symbolic component to it, the sequence of actions in the presentation produce an emotional response in both the actors and the audience (like, just imagine how many people thought "ooooh, bertram isn't quite what I'd want for helena"). these reactions are cOncepts/emotions that com5 as a result of *desire* -- and so because those reactions have no symbolic way of manifesting at that point in time, then sun keeps those concept/desires/reactions alive and vibrating, so that eventually they begin to mix with others' similarly vibrating concepts until a suitable symbolic form can be created.
after there is sufficient energy/magnitude of resonating concepts, the sun will eventually "get blown up" and explode, forcing a new symbolic reality to emerge, causing then venus to have to recalculate all of the now symbolic reality, according to the new system. these explosions happen all of the time (uncountable times per second) on the surface of the sun, but sometimes when enough emotional reactions have built up, the magnitude is too much and the slightest trigger, and the sun makes a very big change: toward one that is desired by many. how many? I'm not really sure, because everyone attracts diffrerently, so I'd say it happens always when the attraction for the new symbolic system is greater than the resistance is against it.
	obviously, a new system is very unwanted for those that already have reality setup and cruising just the way they want it to go (usually the elites), so the way that they combat reality being slippery, and transforming into what anyone desires it to be, is to build up a lot of expectations about "how things work" -- and so we're supposed to accept that "this is just how it is" and that's why we can't have what we want. (as an example, it's a normal thought today for a person to just assume that a very small percentage of people can get the conditions that they want), and so it's assumed that's "just the way it is" -- and so we expect that to be the way it is. as an example, imagine I had someone take care of me all of my life and provide for all of my needs (cause I was disabled in some way). if/when I go to a new environment, I'll expect someone to take care of me, in just the same way, and if there isn't anyone that can do that, well then obviously what needs to happen is that I need to figure out how to project out the actions which others should take so that I can get taken care of (the way it should be done). this form of desire is to maintain things always as they are presently -- and never to create a new system, whereby (in this contrived example), I'm now able to take care of myself. 3rd ray always want to maintain the present system, and make sure it's running as smoothely as possible.
3rd rays are always focused on conditions and whether they're being maintained, from a symbolic/calculated perception (which is really good for stability) but goes directly in the face of desire, which are emotional/conceptual *reactions* to those conditions: this could be better; and if the improvement fits in and doesn't break any existing code, then it's allowed, but (like a mature software project), no "breaking changes" are allowed. desire wants new things, and the sun aggregates these desires, until the desire is stronger than the resistance to it (ie, when the code/social-system is so broken) that it's no longer functional to the majority of those using it. 2nd rays (like the sun), don't care about maintaining the system, but more for bringing about what the perceived "common good" is. human 2nd ray perception (which is all of us because we all have a brain) has a much more limited perception than the sun does, and so when we want to bring about the "common good" for everone, it's usually limited to the common good of the social group. many wars are fought with both sides believing their common good is more important -- and yet they're both fighting for the common good: it's a scope issue cause nobody can conceive of the all (especially in a symbolic sense)
	there's actually something to that, which is best understood by the spectral: if I were to show a pixel with a colour for every person based on their mood, I could get a general sense of how everyone feels (especially if I grouped the pixels into areas of similar colours); however, those pixels cannot tell me what everyone wants, or how they want to feel. for that, I'd need a second layer of pixels to show the extra information -- but it's still not very helpful. I couldr further simplify the data by grouping people into different spaces or whatever, but there's always going to be a loss of data when perceived symolically. yet, if, instead of pixels, I consider each one of them as a signal (imagine thousands of sounds), and I added all of them together: that single sound (after blowing my eardrums out) represents the aggregate of how everyone feels in that m6ment -- and if I listen to that sounnd as it transforms over time, I can hear a trajectory to the sound. as I listen to the sound, I can tell how dissonant or resonant the sound is with myself, and so eventually, it'll arrive to a harmonious sound that I like and can sympathise with, upon which I'll have (myself) an emotional reaction to the sound: an outburst that says "yes, I like that". venus is the symbolic perception, trying to aggregate and simplify the data in such a way where it makes logical sense, and the sun is like me: reacting emotionally to the dissonance/resonance of all of the concepts stored in its body. the sun's reactions to those sounds (like solar flares) also shape the sound, by amplifying certain things, so that the sound (which, in the sun's case is an aggregate of all humans and planets, including venus, in the solar system) becomes a combined desire of all that's wanted/felt. we're a (physical) mirror of the sun's concept/hydrogen, and the sun is a (conceptual) reflection of the (physical) solar system.

#### 2023-12-22 12:18 - a few responses

the "glass ceiling" of 3rd ray perception occurs for all humans that still have their pinecone enabled. the reason for this is because ... well, let's jump back a moment: the saturnian (spectral) form of perception is a medium that is half symbolic (3) and half conceptual (5). these two mediums act on one another to create the space that some people experience when it appears that they're looking inward toward earth (seemingly from a construtcted area that fits around the earth like a sort of dyson sphere). roughly speaking, the conceptual aspect to the saturnian system can be perceived as the ionosphere or the "super sargasso sea" -- and there live many conceptual entities... this roughly equates to something like the corona of the sun or just inside the skull between the brain and the bone (there's a lot of oil there too). the other half of the medium extends from about where venus orbits to where it meets the ionosphere. I don't know any other way to describe it, other than, it's like this giant "net" that goes around the whole of the earth (something like the skull). it has many many different layers to ensure that everything possible coming out of earth can get caught, and also everything coming in from the sun can get transformed into the *proper* manifestation that is desired by those manipulating things on a symbolic level, affecting what we perceive as "time" (hence why it's the saturnian/kronos/chronos system). the signals that the body experiences as emotion immediately produce a response in the imagination, and the picture that is seen *is* symbolic. the real signal is not a picture or anything like that, but simply an emotion or a concept -- which then *our brain* turns into something symbolic of that feeling (usually in the form of a picture, sound, knowing, etc). therefore, to go above the glass ceiling, one has to become accustomed to seeing even less than a picture, or getting a sensation or sound: pure intutition must be practised in order to experience anything that goes beyond something that has a symbolic representation to it.
	think about it: for every signal that has a symbolic representation, those are all defined somewhere by someone or something else. once the signal becomes unintelligible, we're getting into the realm I call "desire". these don't have a definitive recognisable form. they are (as I experience them), very slight "inklings" or "intutiions" -- things that say, "it kinda feels like this" -- andr then upon further exploration, the *concept* of what it is starts to emerge based on its resonance with other concepts.
therfore, if someone desires to have higher and higher definition manifestations of these signals in the form of visuals, sensations, sounds, etc., then those are all going to be symbolic in some way -- for if the pinecone were turned off, there would appear nothing, cept the emotions felt would be really strong -- and for me at least I experience it like falling through endless space, where anything that I feel is becoming more and more real in its feeling VERY QUICKLY.
	I actually believe, that if I were to actually see the living blackness like the saturnian types do, because I don't have a pinecone, the things that are felt and "seen" in the living blackness would manifest, into the symbolic form most near to its feeling into 3d space as real tangible beings/objects (like the stuff falling out of the super sargasso sea). therefore, it's highly undesirable for me to see or be involved with this saturnian system, because I don't have that "net" produced by the pinecone and the skull to keep the manifestations only as internal pictures and experiences.
when the pinecone is removed, now, all of the world has a sensation to it. the best way I can describe this non-visual world (it's like a gradient of colurs and feelings) is like a newborn when they first start to look out of their eyes, they see the world like the 2nd ray does: a landscape of feeling/concepts/emotion. it's only when the newborn starts to begin to put words to what they see, does that symbolic appearance cover over what they perceive below the outer shell (the concept/feeling). when that happens, the concept goes from something that could be anything of its kind (ie, car), so something more specific (ie, blue cadilac).
	as an example of this: I'm presented all the time with concepts in the form of people, places, things, ideas, and emotions: experienced in my environment. if someone walks by me and they have the concept/feeling of "hot girl" -- well then, that's what I see them as. I can't really tell you the details of what exactly they look like, because then I start to get into the symbolic aspect of it, which means they start to take on more of a physical appearance. however, without the ability to see the symbolic, then I see them in their most ideal form: without shape and color. they're pure emotion and concEptt to me, which means that I see them *as they are*.
		to get further into this personal example, I really dislike when a person makes me fixate on their shape and size (usually cause of their insecurities), because I don't see them the way they see theirself. I like the way *I* see them, and I don't care to see them in all of their insecurities. I don't mind that they're not really physical because I don't really use my eyes very much anyway. I mostly interact with people on a conteptual level now. I try my hardest to say what I see, and communicate that in the clearest symbolic form possible using words and stuff. I also must say that another very highly recognisable evidence of the incoming of "nosebook" in my life, was this apparent loss of this 2nd ray perception. since it's not really visible, the best way to describe it (which is a good analogy) is watching the waves of heat that appear over somethitng hot. it distorts the shape and bends the colour, so that I see what I want to see (which reflects their concept/emotion). when people are angry, they're really ugly to me and I don't want to look at them.
			for example in spain, I didn't know how all of these people could look at one another and be really angry, yet talking as if they don't have any anger -- something I cannot do, because I don't even really want to look at angry people -- I didn't understand how that's possilbe until I got here and started to understand how the symbolic covers over the concept and gives it its phyisicality (like a baby learning its colours and shapes). I didn't realise that everyone over there isn't actually seeing the other person like I do, but instead, they're seeing their own imagination's symbolic interpretation of the concept they're looking at. symbol is much easier to look at then emotion: it was easier (for me anyway) to see someone on TV pretending to be angry, than it is to see a person (actually) angry; now I see them for who they are, and the anger just appears as an outer facade (or for the actor on TV, I can tell if the emotion they're presenting resonates with them, or not). it's also pretty clear to me too that my form of perception will change yet again, because I don't see what's there -- but instead, what nosebook's computers think I should see (ie, symbolic). my loss of this form of perception was quite dramatic, because I like to see what I want to see, but in the end, I suppose on hindsight, I didn't really want to see what I want to see more than I'd like to see what's really there (the not visible stuff).
			as an example, we see stars here on earth, because the vibration outside (mostly subatomic, which is why there's so much "space"), is being slowed down by the earth's ionosphere and being tured into stuff that's visible (ie, stars, trees, dirt, atoms, etc.) that slowing down of vibrations into the visible is the same thing that the pinecone does for internal vision: it makes the concept visible by slowing down its vibration so that can appear in a visible/tangible form. stars, being highly reflective of each other should all be pitch black oceans: completely mat(te). no stars could ever be seen by anyone whom isn't similar in cOncept to the star.

the part about venus being so symbolic is simple: from my perception, she wants everything she doesn't want, because it's what is, and what is appears to be working -- or at least we have some pride to think it so. she basically wants no improvements exteriorly, because that would upset the (stable) system, so she only allows improvements for herself. that makes for an endless struggle to try and prevent any improvements to any part of the system. the more she stays locked into the system (that is only said) to work, the more internal chaos results. I imagine her struggle, something like the earth was experiencing around the atlantian period: in those times, megalithic structures were built to ensure that the whole planet is enforced to work under enki's 3rd ray system. it's a very stable (and therefore not dynamic), so it prevented any change or improvement. thousands of years passed by with very little change. slaves and class hierarchies existed, and so those of lower class ranks (slaves), were essentially "stuck" in in that class position (slavery) for (if enki's system were successful in remaining stable), the rest of eternity. for some, it was the most awesome of times, and for others it wasn't such an awesome time (good vs bad: the first fruit). obviously the desire for a change grew to such a height, that the symbolic system started to fall apart: speeds kept increasing until the system was going faster than it could go, and resistance became high enough that it all fell apart, thanks to desire. I feel this is probably a similar situtation of what's happening on venus. they too, just like the atlantians, live entirely in astral, and so the physical conditions of their planet are not experienced. they're locked into a system where they're essentially handed down symbol down from on high. I have no idea who's doing it, but I would suspect it's the same boneheads that are here on earth trying to run the show from the astral as well. they want things to remain constant and unchanging, but the reality is: physical things (that a rocky planet like venus has) are subject to constant change, and so therefore a symbolic system that tries to be unchanging, will eventually turn into a system that no longer has anything desirable.
the difficulty is, for a 3rd ray system that resists change, technology and science should have as few *disruptive* improvements (non-disruptive ones are fine)
	you know, I often wondered about this, because I read the book "dividing the path", and I can easily see paintings that moved and had movie-like (symbolic) qualities to them, (being the ideal form of photograph technology), but how in the world are they going to perceive microprocessors, and digital technology: touchpads, smartphones, etc. for their society, those technologies enable new forms of communication, and for a place that has telepathy already built into their society, something like digital memes, make zero sense. there's a bit of hilarity to be using ideal forms of internet technologies when telepathy is normal.
and so guess who develops those technologies? humans do. real-live human beings, that desire for an improvement, do. therefore, it must be built into their culture and DNA simply to resist any from of creativity that isn't inspired by someone else. they've got to all be giving cOngrats to the ones that deserve it, and improving on others, taking good care not to discover anything which would disrupt the system. another aspect to this culturally enforced stability, is that mates are to be selected which are not interested in technology for any aspect other than consumption, or improving consumability. they should also be good-looking, funny, charming, etc -- so the typical jock: mars. there's the problem with earth, is that we have these guys, but they're interested in technology, and improving communication.
	you know, funny aside: for christmas holiday party I went a brain injury group meeting and they asked everyone to say something they're thankful for. I made this big thing about how thankful I am for alomst everything, and there were a bunch of thoughts like, "oh please -- spare us your positivity", to which I then launched off into this thing about how thankful I am that the whole world is getting more and more connected: better communication. it was weird feeling the responces to that one, because it was like a completely foreign concept for them. anyway, it turns out that basically everyone there was someone I would consider "venusian". they have this 3rd ray perception of how things work. I have no idea how they got here, but lemme tell you: earth doesn't care about how they think things should work (least upsetting), and that's why they have brain damage. I too am likely to be venusian in the sense that I emerged from a symbolic system into a conceptual one by having a brain haemorrhage. I too, also had this really weird way I thought the world was supposed to work (enforced by the church) and it caused so much difficulty: depression and anger and stuff, that I eventually needed to start over, because I'd condemed so much of the world as being unwanted (or at least if it was wanted, it's off-limits). it's a funny thing to be thankful for, especially since I exprience telepathy pretty regularly as well. (brb)
