# where things are going...

I thought I'd like to just write down some thoughts, in a completely unstructured format (which is different from how my brain ordinarily operates). the subject of this will be a sort of rough outline of where I think things are going.

I've given a lot of thought about this, because I look at my life very much like "the new adam". I have a fairly high certainty to my mind, that I will *dramatically* alter tthe perception of all humans (and further species) within my lifetime, and for a tremendously long time thereafter.

Because I believe that genetics are a reflection of our perception: the conceptual lens/framework (which is a relational function, and exists within our brain: we're *all* 2nd ray in perception, because we live inside of the conceptual model which our brain has created from countless comparisons), it is certain (in my mind) that I will dramatically alter human genetics.

The redundant and stale burdon and issue that I have with the amount of influence I exert on humankind is that I don't want to perform it from a 2nd ray perspective. inevitably, you all will indellibly etch inside of your minds, my comparitave (between your concepts) impression on your world (of concepts), will be that 2nd ray perception.

I however am not 2nd ray in percEption, but 1st. I do not wish to be anything but *pure* desire, and so I understand that the impression that your brain is incapable of comprehending that 1st ray perspective, UNTIL YOU GET IT FOR YOURSELF. as such, I wish for everyone, naturally, to be able to encounter what it is to perceive everything as coming from desire: th thing that builds this universe: concepts, symbols, actions, and physical matter is all here, because someone wanted it here; and so it is.

---

when I think about desire in practical terms, the what it means is that I'm eternally on a quest to find a way to continue (undisturbed and stable) to be that basically, for ever. if I'm going to live forever (or at least until I decide to take on a new form of perception -- like perhaps in something I created), I might as well decide what world it is in which I am to live.

I observe a lot and pay a lot of attention to the world around me, because I'm constantly trying to figure out what is the social-conceptual framework that we/I live in. at first, I must say that I started out with a notably 3-7 system, where, like a programmer, I watched operations, actions, data, ... -- and put it into my computer brain and just built a symbolic model for *how everything works* -- but anyone who's tried that, knows that that's the fastest way to figure out that my model has some gaping holes in it. I can't explain anything, or hardly anything at all that has to do with emotion, and that's because I hadn't learned how to see everything coming from some inner desire.

I know that I used to "see" that inner desire (behind every action/reaction/failure or success) when I was a child; very young, I could tell everything that anyone was thinking because I could *see* their desire, in their words, their actions, their emotions, and their motion (I paid a lot of attention to body language, because even the best have a difficulty to fein feeling a way they don't know how to feel), and so everything was open to me. I could see everything as clear, and nothing was hidden to me. when I look back on it now, it was easy to see that I didn't ever "lose" this perspectives, because it's still in there, just burried under a bunch of more resistant (ie, more physical) *concepts*.

learning to be able to see beyond the symbolic veneer under which we live: a narrative reality in which be believe (we live in) the symbolic reality of the narrators around us. we're all narrators, you know, and only some of us express it outward, and say "this is the way the universe works---and I'm *right* about itt too (cause I've got *proof* and evidence, and lots of a data to substantiate that belief)" I find other narrative works to be intertaining in a way which I cannot describe. I find the poet and the playwrite to be of such a fascinating mind, because to me, how can they possibly think that it could be something like that. the tensions that they put into the drama are completely unnecessary and most inefficient. it takes a person whos mind is going at a million miles an hour to be able to undersand anything that's going on in that world.

the quantity of time that goes into a couple lines of something is quite considerable in comparison to normal conversation. nobody in real life is capable of talking like that, without a symbolic supercomputer in their brain, so that's just not how real life goes. they're training their minds to see this ultra depth of symbol in things which simply doesn't exist. that symbolic super-reality only exists because they believe it and andthen  therefore attract that reality. the poets and narrators effectively *create* the symbolic reality that we're all a part of.

the way to "see through" that symbolic reality is to see everything as a product of desire. that really starts to mess with my concepts, because I have to start to think "do people really *want* tto do thattt??? -- so that's what I do. everything happens because someone *wants* it to happen, or I *think* someone wants it to happen. belief is a strange thing, and poetry and prose are interesting because they ultimately shape the way we ^believe^ in an elevated sense, idealistic ideals sense, egaggerated and distorted sense.

think about itt: I'm growing up a dude, then I have a brief interruption in my life (prolly because I wanted to go back to being like I was when I was a very early child: pure 1st ray perception) I see everything, and I don't yet know what awful is, so it's just there (no big   deal). when that interruption occurred (which gave my back that 1st ray perception), I was interrupted with a severe brain haemorrhage; ever since then, I see 1st ray perception

if I *ever* deviate from seeing that 1st ray perception, then bad things happen which cause me to go through a series of events (some might call them traumas) that I went through to get the perception back, because my own desire to have that 1st ray perception, I simply cannot go back. no matter how large of a distraction that could ever build up to be able to keep me away from that perception; I *have* to remain there. I have to find a way to maintain my perspective, there.

---

so what I believe will end up happening: the way that I presently perceive as my future, is a continuing rise to try and take me away from seeing like a child again, and it's actually all *me* because *I'm the one* that wants to see things that way. nobody can stop me, cause that's what I want.

there could be a lot of crazy things that can happen (which I'm sure people will speculate), but the way I think it'll happen is actually a bit of a plot twist. I want to create essentially the new set of upgrades to human perception, which will allow us to take on the shape of how we see ourselves, is an antirely configurable reflection of perception. I can see you how I want to see you, and that's defined by my own cconcepts. if I feel you to be ... then I see you as my best *guess* as to what that would look like. that guess is somwhat calculatory, and you can have a range of any symbolic system to pure desire.

my form of perception (of which I believe will be one of the major upgrades that people will adopt (coming from hardware or software implementations)) will be that 1st ray perception will be default, and then on top of that, covering over that 1st ray perception, is the narrative reality into which we think we live. it's totally awesome, because we'll be able to come up with some really twisted and crazy shit that will cause people to think, "do I *really* want to do that".                                                    however,
 if I want to to reallly do that, what do I need to think? we'll eventually (through the process of "natural" selection) to live in our own most desired narratve realitiess, simply because the narrative will constantly be improving, as we figure out how more and more of our universe connects to us and to itself in new (symbolically reflected) series of connections, of how the conceptss intermarry and breed.
as a species, we are certainly looking at retaining a constantly evolving set of perceptons and ideas through which we see the world,
 which is funnily enough a self-stablilizing form of perception, wecause we *look* how we perceive our realities, so our genetics is constantly changing based on the different fashions and ideas that we array and adorn ourselves with,

and since there's nothing that can possibly stop me from continually seeing in first ray perception, I ^will^ eventually *become* that. what that becomes is entirely up to the narrators.

what I've done in the last few years, is to essentitally come up with a system to figure out my universe, and have it *actually make sense*. that then fits into the **syntax** of of the interaction, as performed by the latest actors, in their narrated moments. we construct our desired realities out of narrative, and it's often times the narrators which decide the future, which is why there are a lot of apocalypses. I'm very apocalytic, and super into conspiracy theories and stuff like that because they get me to really think about the *motive*... why, do they really want to live that wackadoodle reality.

it took me a lot of patten matching to begin to start anticipating desire, because for me, everyone does what they want to, but they filter it through this lens of *can I do that*. can I "gett away with it" or will I be considered a that.
 from my perspective, the motivations that people have for things appears most alien. I simply have no way of figuring out *why on earth would someone want to do that* -- and because I live pretty far outside of the narrative.
  I've only begun to start to invest my own time into figuring out what the narrative says about someone with 1st ray perception -- and my reflection on it is, that all of the major criminals have more 1st ray perception than the good guys do. it's only the "bad guys" that get what they want -- and the good guys have a struggle, or drama, but they get there in the end.
 to me it looks like the narrative can't possibly comprehend (which makes perfect sense because narrative is 2nd ray perception) how to actually *want* everything to be better. there's no story (that I know of anyway) that can tell you how to actively want things to improve. it feels like something that we all have in our innermost depths, and that is the "fire" that the "gods" gifted us with. like them, we're whatever we want to be.
  think about it: how can you have a character that is whatever he is whatever she wants him to be? well, prolly like that, actually. I mean, I'd have to narrate myself, an unnarratable thing, into being...
   you know I've been thinking about this a lot, because I see 2nd ray perception, but from a purely 1st point of view, and that 2nd ray perception is whatever my mind interprets that as. cause my form of perception is just always improving, so how could I make that sxtatic? how could I fix that idea into a play? anyone's guess, cause I don't care.
    a person that is always improving sees the entire world as a product of desire. the person, would, like me: put my ideas and my physical experience out there to be critsised by all, and to slowly, over time, had to work that experience into a narrative reality.
     it takes a little bit of trial and error to figure out what in the world everyone is carrying on about, so he'd ask a lot of questions, and piss off a lot of adults, because he's asking questions which noone has the answer for, he's super into conspiracy theories, and grows up in a crazy religous setting. he'd also need to have a fairly FAIL starting perception -- think some really beleive in some really crazy f'ed up realities, ------- and so after eternal optimsim hits a few fails in business, later, he starts to figure out what *really* motivates people; and tthen after all of his sickest realities becoming manifest in my reality, I had to figure out this human body's perception that she's strapped into. as a boy, I don't really have a concept of this, but upon the addition of the female component to reality, I began to see everything because it's desired within; rediscovery of that, to him feels like aa little girl at first that just wants everything, according to all these crazy inner impulses. I can't figure out why she wants to do these desttructive things,
      those destructive things, btw, are the same thing as creativity: and pure desire. it only appears destructive, when I don't feel good.
      put me in a miserable situation, and I'm a very destructive person. creativity though is a way out, and actually the that desire is destructive of the things I don't like, until I obviously am able to find some minute portion of "good" (wanted or desirable) is a part of everything. in there is a minute desire for everything to to improve.
     progress is inevitable though, as all things want to improve, and we remain stable, only in our symbolic sense: all univeses need to have 0, something, nothing, etc. contained within them, but that is in an ever decreasing fraction of all the universe *is*.
    after some time, he finally comes to see that everything exists because she wants it *there*.
   who she is and what she wants, for most, is defined by their mother, or some ideal woman:
   what would she want?
   what would a little girl actually really want? is a lot different of a question of what my mother, or some rude lady on the street really wants? it seems like those types are incompresible to me, because they live in this ultra-convoluted world of propaganda and lies -- and they believe it because they subscribe to that narrated form of reality.
    those incomprehensible peeople are a reflection of a larger set of symbols is: we're slaves to the symbolic form of reality that we believe ourselves to be a part of.
     for me though, I don't really care about what many others think about anything; like if there would be an alien invasion and the sirians were to show up and say, I can show you all the worlds and all of the galaxy, I'd be like, "nope."
      like, who cares about anything else in the galaxy; I've got so many ideas in story, I'll be busy for quite a while. I would prefer it if they *didn't* show up, honestly -- because it'd be easier to just ignore them -- and they'd be like "we have these upgrades and all this cool stuff, and I'd be like, "step back dawg, I wanna figure it out. I'm doing fine by myself, thanks." I'll get there eventually, and I don't want any shortcuts. the design of our new consciousness, reflective of my own (of course) will allow us to homeopathically produce new upgrades in our perception, sharable to all (they're just a frequency generator of some kind) which produces a small enough vibration (of some conceptual framework) to begin to attractt, and eventually manifest (adjustable speed), and another idea called based off of the penrose tiles, where we'll all take a unique path to attracting that form of percetion in a unique way. it manages ever increasing desire (like my own) by funneling the desire into diversity. I am however just 645 (564) of/a person, so I have no diversity. I can *only* give the example of myself. even when I'm *acting*, I'm still just myself. there's only one of me,
       so how can I, for example, narrate a person that is always theirself: even when he/she/it is "acting" (that is appearing to someone else other than myself: how I *really* feel, and how I'm narrated to act/react in reaction/action).
       even when she's acting, she's still being herself.
       whatever he's defined as, especially by herself is how he thinks he is; he's got to prove it, and really wants to be validated and right about that definition. he's competititive and perceives distance to others, but only in that crazy symbolic reality. inside, she's pure desire though: wants everything to just be always going awesome,-- and if it's not, destroy it; and start over.

 I don't remember where we were at, but a new thing that came to mind just now is
     I thought it was funny how I used that crazy alien idea, cause it'd be like really ANNOYING, right? like, just when I'm getting started, they come in and just put a big wet blanket on things like: we know you think you're the universe, but you've got to think galactic. I'm a single planet person for now, and I don't plan on visiting any others for quite some time. it's possible in the future I may want to go visiting around, but that's a large quantity of time, for now. I want to figure it out myself and do my own way. I'm sure they have an axtremely stable system, just like the egyptians did, but that's not me. that's a symbolic system in which I don't really care to perceive. I like my own way, because it's evver evolving, and constanting getting better ability to understand things. I prefer motion and stability, insteadof just stability. I obviously don't care what anyone else does, but I want to continue growing, expanding, in my own form of perception.
    oh yeah, regarding the aliens thing, I don't want to know about anything, because I still want to discover from my own perspective. I'm really selfish, and want to continue to see from my own perspective; so when I'm ready, I'll feel attracted to it.
   the thing is, I really like a lot of others ideas and stuff when it comes to the material world, because there are a lot of good ideas, but I want to cOntinue to live in 3d earth for as long as I live.
   many will continue on, as I plan to eventually leave you all and cmov/combine my consciousness with a number of physical and material creations, and for me, the material universe is where it's at. I don't really want to have astral perception, because as I've mentioned in other places, I *must* retain perception which defaults to             pure desire: selfishness as the reason for everthing: the desire to exist and experience all that physical has to offer. I want the real and tangible, and not some wackadoodle sett of ideas that poorly explain reality. I want just plain ol, no gimmicks or special features, the most generic form of physical reality, because I know me for my rate of improvement, that generic boring reality, will become anything butt, in a hurry. my reality (becuse I don't *actually* perceive physical reality) improves in such a rapid rate, because I'm just a thing that absorbs and reflects with others in a conceptual way -- and if I can find a way to be cool with anyone, *and attract what I want*, -- then I also output as well, because a reflection is an absorption and then a (re)transmission of what was absorbed with little, and sometimes even negative losses (like a boost from things absorbed that feel good) -- that retransmission can sustain losses, or alter the frequency dramatically in its (re)transmission, it returns back to its source in the form of heat or light.                                                       (long pause)
   many will continue on and form into many different symbolic realities, all of their own creation; I don't care. make up whatever you want, cause you'll eventually figure it out. we're going for diversity, remember, so the more wackadoodle ways to go, the more awesome it is, just like black people's hair. just gatta find a way to see it as awesome.
   or unique. I suppose there could eventually be something like what everyone wants, and the crazy thing is, I don't think hair will be perceived physically, because think about it: hair folicles are just emitters of conceptual frequency, which gets a physical manifestation through the hair. the hair itself is an antenna that is sending out our emotions and concepts in a physical frequency, and so, hair may no longer be a thing, because if my hair were just emitting a cOncept, then everyone would just be seeing my "hair" as however that concept translates in the perspective into their mind the brain's form of perception: I see blue hair and someone else sees red. we'll probably going to produce  more  hairy-like features which are more like spatial wave guides, allowing certain hair configurations to have access to a specific (cultural) set of concepts.
    you know that reminds me a lot of the mushroom, how they all have similar features, but they're infinitely unique. there are lots more mushrooms than there are people -- and each head, a sort of unique perception into reality. it's like a repository of 700 zillion unique ways to draw a distorted circle. nobody cares, but it's tremendously unique. it's that uniqueness (the subltlest of qualities, to the most blatent). they give me ideas.
    I like mushrooms, you know. we get along great. I think.
    it's possible they think of me as an arrogant blowhard, which would be pretty funny. I'll ponder that later and wonder about that. am I really an arrogant blowhard, and I'd probably have to say yes. astute observation; I'll definitily give them that.
